WILLOW: I implore you, Neisa, blessed goddess of chance and fortune, heed my call: Send to me the heart I desire...
XANDER: You know magic at the poker table qualifies as cheating.
WILLOW: That wasn't magic. I was praying. (then) Two, please.
ANYA: Five.
XANDER: Ahn, I keep telling you... Four's the max and only if you have an ace.
ANYA: Okay, four.
XANDER: Let me see the ace.
ANYA: Three. (as he deals to her) What a stupid game. All these rules just to win little plastic disks.
XANDER: Chips. They're called chips. They represent money. Since none of us has any money to represent money. (re boxes) But that's gonna change once my merchandise hits the street.
WILLOW: (funnin') Whatcha got in the boxes? Drugs? (then, real concerned) It's not drugs, is it? Xander?!
XANDER: Not drugs. You're looking at the new local distributor for Boost Bars. (retrieving one) The "natural food bar that provides a nutritional energy boost for active health conscious people." Want one?
WILLOW: Nah, thanks. Those things usually taste kinda tasteless. And leave a bad aftertasteless taste.
XANDER: Don't let the "healthy" scare you off. Check out the ingredients. (shows her the bar) See? Loaded with fatty goodness.
ANYA: (impatiently) C'mon, somebody bet already. I've got three "K" cards.
XANDER: Wish the Buf coulda made it. Three hand poker's not quite the game.
WILLOW: Guess she's off with Riley. You know how it is with a spanking new boyfriend.
ANYA: Yes, we've enjoyed spanking.
XANDER: But, I mean, the thing is, Riley seems okay in an oafish kind of way, but... I worry. (beat) Am I the only one with a big floating question mark over his head about this Initiative thing?
WILLOW: Well, they seem to fall into the good guy camp. They are anti-demon. (re Anya) But probably pro-ex-demon.
ANYA: Maybe. I choose to feel threatened.
XANDER: And why not? There's heaps we still don't know about these commandos. What exactly are they up to?
MAGGIE: Took a patrol team forty-two minutes to track you, and you neutralized them in twenty-eight seconds... You're as good as Riley said.
BUFFY: (modestly, to Maggie) I was just lucky.
MAGGIE: I see. Well, still... (walking away) Very impressive.
BUFFY: I was being modest with the "luck" thing. You got that, right?
RILEY: (grinning) Got it.
GRAHAM: Awesome, Buffy.
RILEY: See? You're a hit.
BUFFY: ...so then Professor Walsh says something like "You're as amazing as Riley said" and later Riley told me she couldn't stop talking about the move I made when I used one of the commando guys as a shield to block a taser blast -- that's like twelve- thousand volts, took the guy almost two hours to recover. (takes a sip) And how was your night?
WILLOW: Like a normal person's. Light on the action-packed. Hope tonight's plans aren't too much of a letdown for you, excitement-wise. (then) You remember about tonight, right?
BUFFY: Bronze. The gang. You kidding? I'm so there. I miss you guys. We haven't spent any time together lately.
WILLOW: You've been busy. Fighting armies and stuff. Not to mention other distractions of a more romantic--
BUFFY: (unhearing, seeing something) Look, Riley just walked in.
WILLOW: (watching her watch him) You want to let him know you're here?
BUFFY: Nah, I'm just enjoying a good stare. Tell me more about your night.
WILLOW: Well, spent most of it at Xander's, teaching Anya to play poker.
BUFFY: (still staring) Well that sounds fun.
WILLOW: Yeah, except for the Anya part and the poker part.
BUFFY: Will, I think you're gonna have to get used to -- oh! A twinkie? That's his lunch? He is so gonna be punished.
WILLOW: Everyone's gettin' spanked but me.
BUFFY: What?
WILLOW: Nothing.
SPIKE: Wipe your feet when you enter a person's home.
GILES: Yes, careless of me. Tracking mud all over your mud.
SPIKE: (re crypt) I'll admit... bit of a fixer-upper. Needs a woman's touch. (then) Care to have a crack at it?
GILES: While I'd love to go on trading jabs with you, Spike, perhaps I'll just get to the point. Much as it pains me to say it, I owe you a debt of gratitude for the help you provided me during my recent... metamorphosis.
SPIKE: Like hearing about the "pain" part, but stuff the gratitude. You owe me more than that, mate.
GILES: Three hundred dollars. Count it, if you'd like.
SPIKE: I'll do that.
GILES: Thinking about your affliction -- as well as your newly discovered ability to fight only demons. It occurs to me - and I realize it's against your nature - but have you considered there may be a higher purpose--
SPIKE: Aagh. Made me lose count. What are  you still doing here?
GILES: Talking to myself, apparently.
SPIKE: Well, piss off then. This piece of business wraps up any I got with you - and your slayerettes. From here on, I want nothing to do with the lot of you.
GILES: Your choosing to remain in Sunnydale might make that difficult.
SPIKE: You and yours'll just have to show a little restraint, is all. Get out.
SPIKE: And I don't want you crawling back here, knocking on my door, pleading for help the second teen witch's magic goes all wonky or Little Xander cuts a new tooth... We're through, got it? Honeymoon is over.
RILEY: We don't have to do this.
BUFFY: I know.
RILEY: If you're not ready. I mean, if you'd rather wait...
BUFFY: I'm ready. I want to do it.
RILEY: Okay.
VOICE: Retinal scan accepted. New retinal scan recorded: Summers, Buffy.
BUFFY: (tinny/filtered) Remind me to ask Professor Walsh  how she keeps her secret underground elevators so sparkling white.
RILEY: You're going to do fine. (off her nod) Just a tour.
BUFFY: Took a tour of Washington D.C. with my parents once when I was eight. I got lost in the Smithsonian.
RILEY: Then its a good thing we have the buddy system.
RILEY: That panel -- Say something into it.
BUFFY: My mind's a blank.
BUFFY: My god... You said it was big. You told me. But you never said it was... HUGE.
RILEY: Don't like to brag.
BUFFY: I had no idea, this is incredible. Not that I thought this was some, I don't know, fly-by-night operation... (then) Unless it is. I mean, if you guys fly. At night. With those jetpack things. Have you got those?
RILEY: Can't really talk about it.
BUFFY: It's unreal.
MAGGIE: So. You like our little operation?
BUFFY: (meekly) Yeah. It's very... clean.
MAGGIE: Welcome to the Initiative. (hands her a badge) Your Visitor's pass. And I've assembled some reading material for you. Help bring you up to speed.
BUFFY: (not thrilled) Oh. And here I was thinking I'd never get homework from you again.
MAGGIE: Oh, you can't take that home with you. Classified material. Highly sensitive. When you're through reading these pages, you'll have to eat them.
RILEY: She's joking.
MAGGIE: Don't worry; it doesn't happen often. Shall we?
MAGGIE: Much of our hands on research with the HSTs is performed here. We call this the Pit.
BUFFY: (re demons) What do you call those?
RILEY: Tough. Took eight of us to bring those two down.
MAGGIE: They'll be under our control soon enough. (calling over) Dr. Angleman...
MAGGIE: (to Buffy) He's head of our science team, a leader in the field of xenomorphic behavior modification.
BUFFY: Behavior modification?
MAGGIE: We've made significant advancements reconditioning the sub-terrestrials. Bringing them to a point where they no longer pose a harmful threat.
BUFFY: I've seen.
BUFFY: (backpedaling; pretty gracefully) On the Discovery Channel. With gorillas. Or sharks. They made them all nice, you never saw that? (she crosses away) What's over here?
MAGGIE: The armory. You'll have to be cleared for use on each of these weapons. The more advanced arsenal can be complicated, but I'm certain, in no time, you'll pick that up.
MAGGIE: Don't pick that up.
BUFFY: (looking closer) What is it?
MAGGIE: Roughly twenty-thousand dollars.
RILEY: (to Buffy) It's a prototype for a COM-CAM... (off her look) Communications camera. Soon to be standard issue. Gives us a direct com-link to Control when we're out in the field.
MAGGIE: Also monitors the heart-rate of the wearer. A valuable tool for research in stress and combat conditioning. (then) If you'll follow me, I'll show you the HST containment area.
MAGGIE: Now, there's just a few other things to give you--
BUFFY: Um, what's in there?
MAGGIE: Research area. Very restricted for security reasons.
MAGGIE: Your security card and pager...
BUFFY: (re pager) Oh, hey, I was thinking about getting one of these--
MAGGIE: We're the only ones with the number. That's the way it stays.
BUFFY: Right.
MAGGIE: Lose either one and there's hell to pay. And down here we mean that literally. (holding out her hand) Again, welcome to the team.
WILLOW: I've been trying to find a dolls-eye crystal my entire life. (then) Well, since June, anyway. Where'd you get it?
TARA: It was my grandma's, I think. Found it a long time ago in my attic. (then, shyly) I... I want you to have it.
WILLOW: Oh, no. Tara, that's really sweet. But I can't. It's like a family heirloom. I just wouldn't feel comfortable.
WILLOW: But, if you wanted to try out some spells with it sometime, I wouldn't say no.
TARA: (brightening) Maybe tonight. I mean, if you're not doing something, you could come over and we could... do something.
WILLOW: Tonight. That sounds really nice, but tonight... I've already got plans. With people. Other.
TARA: (disappointed) Oh.
TARA: That's okay. Another t-time.
WILLOW: Absolutely. It's just that it's kind of a specific crowd and you might feel out of place.
TARA: I'd better get to class.
WILLOW: I'll see you later, okay?
ANGLEMAN: How did the tour go?
MAGGIE: I'm not sure. She's... unpredictable.
ANGLEMAN: She's an unnecessary risk.
MAGGIE: Possibly.
MAGGIE: And how's our baby doing today?
ANGLEMAN: Adjusting nicely. Reflexes, motor functions... all off the charts.
MAGGIE: That's what I like to hear. (looking down, beaming) Almost time to wake up, Adam. And take your first look at the world.
MAGGIE: I know you're going to make me proud.
XANDER: (smoothly) Suzi, is it? I can tell you work out. Obviously take good care of yourself. So I think I know what you need. (brings up Boost Bar) "Honey Nut Yogurt Crunch" -  Welcome to carbo-load country. Just  a measly buck-fifty...
WILLOW: Okay, another no sale, but he's doing better.
ANYA: She didn't throw a drink in his face...
WILLOW: He's on a roll.
ANYA: Xander, you haven't been paying any attention to me tonight -- just peddling those processed food bricks. I don't know why.
XANDER: Let me put it in a way you'll understand... Sell bars, make money, take Anya nice places, buy pretty things.
ANYA: (reasoning) That does make sense. All right, I support you. Go sell more.
XANDER: (re bar he's eating) This was the only one I had on me. Besides, it's getting late. Maybe we should go.
WILLOW: Go? You can't go. Buffy hasn't gotten here yet.
XANDER: Face it, Will, she's almost an hour late. Probably off living the life of Riley. I don't think she's coming.
WILLOW: She is. She told me she was looking forward to quality time with just us. (spotting her) See? Here she comes. (then) With Riley. (then) And some other guys.
BUFFY: Hey, all. Sorry about the late-itude.
XANDER: Late? Really? Huh, hadn't noticed.
RILEY: Hope you don't mind us tagging along.
WILLOW: No, no, of course not. The more, the... more.
RILEY: (re buddies) This is Forrest, Graham, that's Tuck and he's Mason. We're going to get some drinks. Anybody wanting?
BUFFY: Coke, please.
WILLOW: (shaking her head) I'm good.
ANYA: We're going away. To dance. Over there.
XANDER: We are?
BUFFY: Anya seems a bit on edge.
WILLOW: She's a little antsy around commando- types. Ex-demon issues.
BUFFY: Oh. Riley and his friends were throwing a little impromptu celebration in my honor. Made it, like, impossible, not to invite them.
WILLOW: That's neat about the celebrating but... this was just supposed to be, you know... us. The Scooby core. I mean, I could've invited someone else if I knew it was going to be an open free-for-all.
BUFFY: Sorry. Didn't realize it was such a big deal. My total bad. (then) Who did you want to invite?
WILLOW: (caught off-guard) What?
BUFFY: You said you wanted to invite someone.
WILLOW: (nervously) No, not-- No one. I mean, I meant a hypothetical someone. Which is to say no one. (quickly) What are we celebrating?
BUFFY: (sotto) I'm in! The Initiative! Professor Walsh gave me the grand tour -- and we're talking Grand as in Canyon. You'd never believe the size of it.
WILLOW: (unsure how she feels) That's really, again I say, neat. So, what do you mean, exactly -- You've joined them?
BUFFY: No. Not exactly. It just means now when I patrol, I'll have a heavily armed team backing me up. Plus, boyfriend going to work with me, a  big extra perk.
WILLOW: Buffy, do you really think this is a good idea? I mean, don't you think you're rushing things a little?
BUFFY: I thought you liked Riley.
WILLOW: Not with Riley. With the Initiative. There's a bunch of stuff about them we still don't know.
BUFFY: I know that. (then) Like, what?
WILLOW: Like, what's their ultimate agenda? I mean, okay, they neuter vampires and demons - then, what? They going to reintegrate them into society? Get them jobs as bagboys at Walmart?
BUFFY: Does Walmart have bagboys?
WILLOW: Plus, don't forget, there's that whole three-fourteen thing Ethan told Giles about.
BUFFY: And I always say a man who worships chaos and tries to kill you is a man you can trust.
WILLOW: Bad info or not, Buffy, I think you should be asking some questions before you go off to enlist.
WILLOW: When did you get a pager? (re other beeps) What's going--
RILEY: (to Buffy) That's our cue. Mother wants us.
BUFFY: Will...
WILLOW: I know. Talk later.
MAGGIE: This is your objective: Sub-T-67119 demon-class, Polgara species.
MAGGIE: Though visual confirmation has not yet been made, we're confident of the target's approximate position as it leaves behind a distinct protein marker. Dr. Angleman will brief you on its defenses.
ANGLEMAN: When threatened, bone skewers jut from the creature's forearms during battle. It's imperative, when ensnaring it, not to damage its arms. That's all you really need to--
MAGGIE: Buffy.
BUFFY: Why exactly can't we damage this Polka thing's arms? (then) Not that I want to. Just, in my experience, when you're fighting for your life, body parts get damaged. And better its bits than mine. (re commandos) Or ours.
ANGLEMAN: We wish to study the physiology of every sub-terrestrial's natural defenses. Part of the research we do here. Now-- (seeing something) Yes?
BUFFY: What do they want?
ANGLEMAN: Want?
BUFFY: Why are they here? Sacrifices, treasure -- or are they just gettin' rampage-y? 'Cause it's easier to predict their responses if --
ANGLEMAN: They're not sentient. Just destructive, I believe...
MAGGIE: They do have keen eyesight, though. I'd think you'd want to be suited up for this.
BUFFY: Oh, you mean, the camouflage and stuff. Thought about it, but on me, it's gonna look all Private Benjamin. Don't worry. I've patrolled in this blouse lots of times.
MAGGIE: Well why don't we just give Dr. Angleman our attention.
MAGGIE: And save all questions until the end.
ANGLEMAN: Actually, I'm finished.
MAGGIE: Oh. Well, then, Agent Finn, deploy the teams.
RILEY: (stepping forward) Okay, listen up. We'll be going in a four squad set-up. Team leaders: Gates, Taggart, Stavros... Alpha Team, you're with me.
MAGGIE: Report to TLs for assignments and weapon requisitions. Reminder: this is a zap and trap, people - capture, not a kill. Any questions?
MAGGIE: (calling on her) Buffy.
TARA: Willow.
WILLOW: Funny thing happened with my prior social engagement. Pretty much ended when a friend of mine went off to do something with... another crowd she hangs out with. (beat) Irony is kind of ironic that way.
WILLOW: Anyway, I know it's late, but I thought... I mean, if you still wanted to... do something.
BUFFY: So I guess she hates me now.
RILEY: What?
BUFFY: Professor Walsh. The questions. An Initiative faux pas, yes?
RILEY: It's... a little unusual. She's just not used to it. Maybe 'cause you barely ever opened your mouth in her classroom. But I know she likes you. In fact, she liked you before I did.
BUFFY: Really?
RILEY: Told me so herself.
BUFFY: You think maybe I should get her a present or some--
RILEY: (interrupting her) Buffy, can we talk about this later? There's a dangerous Hostile out here and since I don't have your reflexes, I kind of need to focus.
BUFFY: Right. Right. (then, after a beat) What do you mean Professor Walsh liked me before you did? You didn't like me?
GRAHAM: He made you team leader, didn't he?
FORREST: That's not the point. I've always been Riley's second-in-command. Instead he picks a girl.
GRAHAM: His girl.
FORREST: Whatever. Three guesses what that boy's thinking with.
GRAHAM: Maybe he just wanted to give you a chance to get out from under his shadow.
FORREST: Hey, I'm not under anybody's shadow.
GRAHAM: It was a joke, man, don't get your panties in a bunch. I'm just saying-- (holding up his hand) Hang on. Got something.
FORREST: Target?
GRAHAM: Negative.
FORREST: Alert control and Alpha team. We've tagged Hostile 17 with a tracer and are in pursuit.
MASON: Graham's on the talkie for you. Reception's not too good.
RILEY: This is Alpha Team, go ahead.
RILEY: Say again, Beta team. You're breaking--
BUFFY: Riley!
RILEY: Conner! On my mark!
RILEY: Now!
BUFFY: So... what do you want to do now?
GILES: I don't know how many more ways I can say I'm not interested.
XANDER: Try one. Check these flavors: cherry berry, maple walnut, almond licorice.
ANYA: Ew.
XANDER: (forced smile) Anya, we don't say "ew" in front of a potential customer.
ANYA: Just skip this part and tell him you want money to buy me pretty things. He'll understand.
GILES: (a resigned sigh) Very well. The maple walnut.
XANDER: An excellent choice.
GILES: Please leave my home now.
XANDER: It's the gritty texture, isn't it? Maybe you're a cherry berry fellow.
SPIKE: Close the door!
XANDER: Spike? You may wanna give up these morning jogs.
SPIKE: Soldier boys are out in force. Been trying to get 'em off my scent, running 'em in circles, but they keep coming.
GILES: And how is this our concern? Being that you expressed a desire to have nothing more to do with us.
XANDER: (to Giles) Spike said that? About us? Well, now, I gotta tell you... that hurts.
SPIKE: Yeah, awright... Whataya want me  to say? I need help. (to Giles) And no cheek from you.
SPIKE: Look. Buggers shot me. In the back.
GILES: Remind me. Why should I help you?
SPIKE: Because... You do that. You're the goody-good guys. You're the bloody, frickin' calvary!
GILES: You can come up with a better answer than that. Why should I help you?
SPIKE: Oh! 'Cause I helped you. When you turned into a Fyarl demon. I helped you, din' I?
GILES: Out of the evil-ness of your heart?
SPIKE: Hell, no. I made you pay m-- (pauses, getting it) You right bastard...
SPIKE: It's all that's left. Spent the rest on blood and smokes. (muttering) Which I'll never see again.
SPIKE: Well, come on. Circle the wagons. Tend to the wounded here. No time for layabouts.
RILEY: Hey.
RILEY: What's the matter? Weren't expecting to see me?
BUFFY: I never know what to expect.
BUFFY: Your robot bird sounds hungry.
RILEY: Reminder to take my vitamins.
BUFFY: You're kidding?
BUFFY: You're quite the regimental soldier.
RILEY: I am how they trained me.
BUFFY: They? Who "they?"
RILEY: You know, the government. Plucked me out of Special Ops training for this.
BUFFY: What did they tell you it was for?
RILEY: Didn't. You learn in the military to follow orders, not ask questions.
BUFFY: I don't understand. Aren't you curious about all this science and research stuff they're doing?
RILEY: I know all I need to know. We're doing good here. Protecting the public. Removing the Sub-terrestrial threat... it's work worth doing.
BUFFY: What's three-fourteen?
RILEY: (into phone) Riley.
RILEY: On my way.
BUFFY: What is it?
RILEY: Don't know.
BUFFY: You're really not one for asking questions, are you?
RILEY: I'll leave that to you.
RILEY: No, ma'am.
MAGGIE: I've instructed Beta Team to suspend pursuit of Hostile 17 until your arrival. I don't want any slip-ups, that's why I'm putting you in charge. (hands him paper) You're to rendezvous with them at these coordinates.
MAGGIE: Riley...
MAGGIE: Make me proud.
RILEY: Yes, ma'am.
MAGGIE: I think we've got a situation.
ANGLEMAN: The Slayer?
MAGGIE: She's becoming a liability.
ANGLEMAN: We knew that was a danger. Does she know about the project?
MAGGIE: She knows it exists. And she already holds too much influence over Riley -- over Agent Finn.
ANGLEMAN: We move to the contingency scenario?
MAGGIE: (nodding) Right away.
ANGLEMAN: It's too bad. She could have been a powerful ally.
MAGGIE: (genuine regret) I know.
ANGLEMAN: And Finn'll take it hard.
MAGGIE: That's why sooner is better
MAGGIE: It's better...
SPIKE: Oww! Watch it! That hurts.
GILES: (ignoring him) Doesn't appear to be a bullet. Too deeply imbedded to be a tranquilizer dart.
SPIKE: Also: not tranquil.
GILES: (looking closer) Seems to be some sort of illumination emanating from it. Blinking.
SPIKE: I don't care if it's playing "Rockin' the Casbah" on the bloody Jew's Harp, just get it out of me.
GILES: Anya, there's a bottle of cognac in the cabinet next to the sink. Fetch it for me, would you?
SPIKE: What, you gonna get snockered now?
GILES: It's not for me, you git. If I'm going to operate on you, I want you anesthetized. This'll take some time.
XANDER: We don't have any. That blinking thing. My pseudo-soldier memory  bank tells me that's a tracer.
GILES: A what?
SPIKE: A what?
XANDER: Like a homing beacon. And if commando guys are reading the signal... They're coming home.
WILLOW: Oh. Hi.
BUFFY: Morning. (then) Out all night, huh?
WILLOW: (indicating Buffy's made bed) You, too.
BUFFY: Yep.
BUFFY: Sorry, about bailing on you guys at the Bronze...
WILLOW: Yeah, that's... I'm... Don't... worry about it.
BUFFY: 'kay.
WILLOW: They keep you hopping, don't they?
BUFFY: Yeah. Gotta go. See you.
WILLOW: Hello?
WILLOW: Just left. Beeped away by her new buds. Want me to go after her?
WILLOW: Really? What do you want me to do? 
MAGGIE: It's a small job, reconnaissance. Probably a waste of a slayer's abilities, but my boys are on assignment, and --
BUFFY: No, it's fine. I'm up for some action.
MAGGIE: I doubt you'll get any on this one.
MAGGIE: We've had readings of a Class 3 sub- terrestrial moving through the sewer tunnels here. (points) Just on the north edge of town.
BUFFY: Class 3?
MAGGIE: Low level threat. Minimal aggression, meager defenses. They barely read on our scanners, and very occasionally turn out to be raccoons.
BUFFY: Wow. You're not crazy about raccoons, huh?
MAGGIE: We always take precautions.
MAGGIE: All I need is for you to get a visual on the thing. This'll feed us the image and I can advise you from there. I don't want to put you in any unnecessary danger.
BUFFY: Hey, danger is my birthright.
BUFFY: You know, Professor Walsh, there's still some things about all this that I'm not clear on.
MAGGIE: Well, when you get back we'll have a talk. All right.
BUFFY: Good, okay. When I get back. (pause) Uh, am I supposed to salute you?
MAGGIE: No.
BUFFY: 'Kay.
WILLOW: (incanting) "Tropo, strato, meso... Aero, iono, exo..."
XANDER: (whispering) So how's this supposed to work again?
GILES: (whispering) If she succeeds, her spell will ionize the atmosphere around us, thereby disrupting the tracer's signal. Buy us time.
WILLOW: (incanting) "Elements are brought to bear... Wind, earth and water churned amidst the fire. Let the air be burned..."
GILES: I'd venture yes.
RILEY: What do you mean "the signal's whacked?"
FORREST: I mean, the blip's now a blob. There's some kind of interference messing with the tracer.
RILEY: Lock it down. Are we heading in the right general direction?
FORREST: I think so. But it's gonna put us in populated areas.
RILEY: Okay, then. We change into civies. Then we move. Spread out. Maybe something'll turn up.
BUFFY: Professor Walsh, are you getting this? That possible HST -- make it a definite. And he's brought a friend. They're--
RILEY: Talk to me, Forrest.
FORREST: Signal's somewhere in this neighborhood. Estimate within a two block radius.
WILLOW: (eyeing others) Feels - and looks - like the ionizing spell's wearing off.
XANDER: Giles?
GILES: Got it!
RILEY: Okay, we want to keep this Hostile contained, so no one is to make a move without--
FORREST: Wait! Signal's cleared up. (pointing) There!
RILEY: Let's go!
GILES: Go.
RILEY: What?
FORREST: It's on the move.
RILEY: Heading?
FORREST: Straight at us. Forty meters and closing. Moving fast.
GRAHAM: (incredulous) In broad daylight?
RILEY: Look alive, people. Weapons at the ready.
FORREST: Twenty-five meters. Twenty. Fifteen.
RILEY: Where?
FORREST: To the left. Ten meters. Five.
RILEY: Anyone?
GRAHAM: I got nothing!
FORREST: This doesn't make any sense. Went right past us.
RILEY: (to himself) Flushed. (to others) Tracer's been flushed.
RILEY: Regret to report Hostile 17 is still at large. I've left Beta team to comb the area, but the tracer's--
MAGGIE: (distraught) Riley. Something's happened. I... I don't know what to say... It's... It's about Buffy.
RILEY: Buffy?
MAGGIE: Two of our hostiles broke free and escaped into the tunnels. She went after them on her own. (then) She's dead, Riley.
RILEY: What?
MAGGIE: I did everything I could to stop her. Told her to wait for a back-up team. She kept insisting she didn't need any team, she could handle it herself.
MAGGIE: I'm so, so sorry.
RILEY: I-I don't understand. How could this happen?
MAGGIE: I know how much you cared for her. She was a very, very special girl...
MAGGIE: I was just beginning to... I didn't understand at first. But she had something.
MAGGIE: I don't know... maybe I could've stopped her. It's hard not to blame myself--
BUFFY: (on monitors) Hello, Professor Walsh...
BUFFY: (on monitors) That simple little recon you asked me to do? Wasn't a raccoon. Turns out it was me trapped in a sewer with a faulty weapon and two of your pet demons on my hands. If you think that's enough to kill me you really don't know what a slayer is. Trust me when I say you're gonna find out.
MAGGIE: (weakly) Riley...
MAGGIE: (calling after him) Agent Finn, I order you to stop! Agent Finn! RILEY!!!
GILES: It'll be dark soon. I think it would be wise for you to leave Sunnydale.
SPIKE: I'm not going anywhere. Not until those bastards undo whatever they did to me. Put me back the way I was.
XANDER: Sure, just explain to the nice scientist guys that you really miss torturing and killing innocent people.
SPIKE: (considering it) Think that'll work?
GILES: Spike, Lord knows why I'm telling you this, but it's for your own good. As long as the Initiative's in operation, it's not safe for you here.
BUFFY: It's not safe for any of us.
MAGGIE: So... all right... fine... She wants a fight, we'll give her one, won't we, Adam?
MAGGIE: Worked too long... too long... to let some little bitch threaten this project. Threaten me. She has no idea who she's dealing with... (then) Once she's gone Riley'll come around. He'll understand - it was for the greater good. He'll see that. And, if he doesn't... well...
MAGGIE: First thing's first. Remove the complication. When she least expects i--Uugggh!
MAGGIE: Ad-- Adam...?
ADAM: Mommy.