Faith. As if I need a reason to  show you my affection...
(sternly) This isn't a free ride here, young  lady. I'm beginning to think  somebody's getting a <i>lit-tle</i> spoiled. (reaching for the gift) Maybe I should just take this ba-
(softening) That's my girl. Another cookie?
Cost a pretty penny, so you just  take good care of it. And be  careful you don't put somebody's  eye out with that thing. Until I  tell you to.
Hey ho! There it is.
You are one heck of a girl, you  know that? I mean, geez. The  initiative! The skill!
I will! I tell you, if Buffy  Summers walked in here and told  me she wanted to switch to our  side? I'd say - "no thanks, sister!  I've got all the slayer one man  could ever need."
It's cause I said the "B" word,  huh? Don't tell me you're still  sore about that whole Angel and  Buffy thing?
Better believe she can. She  <u>deserves</u> that poor excuse for a  creature of the night. You, on the  other hand, can do better.
Well, this is VERY unfortunate.  I just had this conference room  redecorated, for Pete's sake. At  taxpayers expense!
Ever have a dog?
(rhapsodically) I did. Rusty. Irish setter. Swell  little pooch. A dog's friendship  is stronger than reason, stronger  than its own sense of self- preservation.
Faith, you know I don't like  repeating myself.
I just received a heck of an  interesting phone call.
Well, this is exciting, isn't it?  Clandestine meeting by dark of  night, exchange of prisoners, I  just, I feel like we should all be  wearing trench coats.
Not till the box is in my hands. (looking her over) So you're the little girl who's  been causing me all this trouble.  She's pretty, Angel. Little  skinny... Still don't understand  why it couldn't work out with  you and my Faith... Guess you  kinda just have strange taste in  women.
Well, I wish you kids the best, I  really do. But if you don't mind  a bit of fatherly advice, I, well  gosh I don't see much of a future  for you two. I don't sense a  lasting relationship, and not just  because I plan to kill the both of  you. You have a bumpy road ahead.
You kids, you don't like to think  about the future, don't like to  plan but unless you want Faith  to gut your friend like a seabass  you'll show a little respect for  your elders.
And that's just one of the things  you're gonna have to deal with.  You're immortal, she's not. It's  not easy. I married my Edna Mae  in aught three and I was with her  right until the end. Not a pretty  scene. Wrinkled and senile and  cursing me for my youth, it  wasn't our happiest time.
Principal Snyder, I think we have  a problem...
It's I who should apologize,  coming here at night, what must you think...
I wouldn't leave that open...
Not really. There's about fifty  billion of these happy little  critters in here. Would you like to see?