You don't know what you're talking about.
He was a puppet! She was using him.
Well, that was her genius. He never even knew he was playing second fiddle. Buffy.
Who do you think was the real power -- the Captain or Tenille?
The Captain and Tenille! (off her blank look) Boy, somebody was raised in a culture-free environment.
Yeah, with Spike and Drusilla out of the way we've really been riding the mellow and am I like jinxing the hell out of us by saying that?
How is Angel? Pretend I care.
So it's better than playing naughty stewardess?
(mouth full of pizza) That's the sound she makes when she's speechless with geeker joy. Can I just say this is the finest pizza ever on God's green earth. What's your secret?
You gotta market these. I mean people would pay like two, three hundred dollars apiece.
Did you eve bother to taste 'em? Noooo. Well I did and I'm here to tell you, those mini pizzas have changed my life. Ted is the master chef.
Everything.
(all dramatical) What kind of monster is he!?
Buff, you're lacking evidence. I think we're maybe into Sigmund Freud territory.
Having issues much?
You've got parental issues, you've got parental issues.
Freud would have said the exact same thing. Except he might not have done the little dance.
Ted!
Hi, Ted! Ted who's here.
Who doesn't?
Mini-pizzas?
Hey, we can do that thing anytime. I'm tired of that thing. We're on!
The dreaded par five cuckoo clock. So many came, so few conquered.
Yum, me!
Can you say, 'over-reaction'?
So he's uptight. Last I heard, that wasn't a slaying offense. (off her look) Don't give me the look. I'm on your side. I'm just saying there are some things you have to accept.
Hey, Cordy. Nice outfit.
Not really...
"Nice outfit".
Would you guys excuse me for a second?
I gave you a compliment.
They're gonna know what?
That we kissed?
I'm not gonna tell them and they're not gonna know. Not your friends, not my friends. You wanna go in the utility closet and make out?
Buffy! Are you okay?
Well, what was he?
What was he? Demon? Giant bug? Some kind of dark god with the secrets of nouvelle cuisine? I mean, we are talking creature feature here, right?
Court? Are you -- are they charging you with something?
It was an accident.
Look, I don't know what happened exactly, but I know you. You would never hurt anyone intentionally. You know, unless--
Man, this is killing me! That bastard was up to something. I know it. If I could get my hands on him... earlier this week...
(pointedly) I sometimes like things that are not good for me. Besides, no way no how does Buffy put the big hurt on an innocent man. Nice Uncle Ted was dirty.
If Buffy has to go to jail because of that creep, I'm gonna lose it. He's gotta be in there, Will. History of domestic violence, criminal record... ooh, cookies.
A license to kill?
(eating another cookie) So, Giles, you're taking over tonight?
Don't sweat it. Everything'll be fine.
Yeah, cute buddy, we'll work it out. No worries.
Worrying isn't gonna solve any problems.
What do we know?
What is it, then?
This is evidence. This is real evidence that Ted was some kind of crook. Buffy's cleared! Willow, you're the best human ever. I adore you. (off her slightly skeptical look) That's the cookies talking, but you rock.
Let's check it out. Get our Slayer back on her feet before somebody else gets hurt.
Let's look around.
Check for cookies. (off her look) For evidence.
Any divorce papers?
So either our boy was a mormon, or...
Something's missing. This doesn't seem like Ted at all.
Whatdya got in the closet, Ted?
We got it.
His first four wives.
So I'm Ted the sickly loser, I'm dying and my wife dumps me. I build a better Ted. He brings her back. She dies in his little love bunker and so he keeps bringing her back over and over. That's creepy on a level I hardly knew existed.
Well, it's hard to rent one nowadays.