Thank you, Willow. That obstinate machine simply refused to work for me.
You can start with these.
It's essential that we begin archiving the library, Willow. Most of these texts have no duplicates.
You don't have to, Willow. You're welcome to go if-
That's what I'm trying to do, actually. Get a life.
Willow. You musn't repeat What I'm about to say to you. Especially not to Buffy.
Do you swear?
(baffled) Did you mean yes?
We're doing all this because I want you and the others to have everything you need at your fingertips. You see, I'm going back to England.
It's become quite obvious that Buffy doesn't need me anymore. And I don't say that out of self pity, I'm quite proud, actually.
I appreciate the sentiment, but it's just not so. You'll be fine. You all will. (kindly) And we'll stay in touch. You can call me whenever you like. (off her silence) It's time from me to get on with it, Willow. I need to find out what's next for me - and England's my home.
Soon. I'll know when the moment's right.
I promise. (then) It won't be easy, but I know she'll understand.
It must have been. I have to admit - I'm sorry I missed that.
I've no idea. There's a great deal of myth about Dracula - I'd imagine the trick to defeating him is in separating the fact from the fiction.
Alright. Willow, you and Tara find anything you can on the actual legend of Vlad the Impaler on the internet. I'll search the library.
So we'll check the nicer places first - don't you think, Buffy?
Buffy?
Well, Willow found most of it, actually-
(cutting her off) Just - go ahead, Willow.
The point is - he goes through the motions of an intimate seduction, but it always ends the same. He turns the victim into a vampire.
Just be aware that he tends to develop a relationship with his prey. It's not enough for him to take her, she has to want to be taken. She has to burn for him -
Why didn't you say anything?
Riley's right. You'd best keep out of sight while the rest of us look for Dracula.
Good. Riley and I will search for Dracula. Willow, you and Tara do a protection spell at Buffy's house to prevent him from returning.
And it's getting dark. (upset with himself) I should have turned up a better lead. There must be an easier way to find him.
A castle?
Good show, Giles. At least you didn't get knocked out for a change -
(nervously) Ah, ladies… You would be the three sisters, yes?
Excellent. Right. I'd heard you were only myth but… Obviously erroneous.
Heh! That's… Tickles…
Oh dear God.
Thank God you came. I was doomed. There was no possible escape -
Is that my shoe? Silly me, I'll just pop down and-
And Dracula?
Oh. Had hopes to meet him… well, to fight him…
(appalled) I did not. And I was not making time! I - I was just about to kill those loathsome creatures when Riley interrupted me-
Of course not. I was in complete…
…control.
Yes. Thanks for coming. Can I offer you some tea?
Well, actually, there's something I have to tell you.
Well - you first, by all means.
I insist.
I agree.
Patrolling.
No. it was - it was nothing.