Hey, Buffy…how's that book? Full of zippy dates and zesty names?
Who are you lately? Give it up and watch the movie.
(to Buffy) Watch the movie and relax. Here.
Um…sorry…got caught up in the action.
Hey, Buff. Maybe you oughtta leave the work  behind sometimes. You're not always a slayer  on duty, you know.
Really? I will.
Oh. No. Riley Finn. This is Xander.
We…um…we like the ceiling fans.
That's thing's pretty heavy.
Owning this place does seem kind of dangerous.
What?
He mentioned Buffy? Where do we find him and how hard can I kill him?
People say they're recycling. (sadly) They're not recycling.
What are you doing here, Spike?
Take cover!
Man, you okay?
(unconvinced) Right. It'll be good.
I'm coming with you.
I never told you this about me, but I love the sewers. Probably get a  place there when I retire.
I don't know. I don't like you facing off alone with these creeps who come  gunning for you. I mean, first it was Dracula-
I know... And if you want me to stay out of it, that's cool. But you can't blame me for worrying. Your job makes you a target. I mean, who knows how many bad guys are out there just waiting for their chance.
Yeah. When the imposter is killed, the body'll probably turn back into whatever it really is, and then we'll know.
So you're thinking we split up.
We know it already. We're on our way--
He came to us, too.
Buffy... Our Xander. Did he seem a little...
Two Buffys?
But which one is the real one?
I still don't get the original plan. Why do it? The Slayer half would be like Slayer-concentrate. Pretty unkillable.
We're pushing seventy.
No.
Yes, I do. You wanted to know if I wished you got hit by the Ferula-gemina. Got split in two.
I have Buffy Buffy. Being the slayer is part of who you are. You keep thinking I don't get that, but --
Buffy, if you led a perfectly normal life, you wouldn't be half as crazy as you are. I gotta have that. I'm talking toes, elbows, the whole bad-ice-skating-movie obsession, everything. There's no part of you I'm not in love with.
You own a gun?
Wild.
We can prove you're both Xander.
(stumped) Well, there has to be a way.
I don't think that's how to--
Different properties went into each of you, but you're both Xander.
Psychologically, this is fascinating. Doesn't it make everyone want to lock them in separate rooms and do experiments on them? (then) Just me, then.
Getting nostalgic?
You two have your friction, but she digs the  whole package. It's obvious.
Hey, I'm well aware of how lucky I am. Like, <u>lottery</u> lucky. Buffy's like nobody  else in the world. When I'm with her, it's like <u>I'm</u> split in two -- half of me is just on fire, going crazy if I'm not touching her. Other half is so still and peaceful, just perfectly content. Just knows: this is the one.
But she doesn't love me.
You can help me pack this.