Of course, training procedures have  been updated quite a bit since your  day. Much greater emphasis on field  work.
Oh yes. It's not all books and theory  nowadays. I have in fact faced two  vampires - under controlled  circumstances, of course.
Vampires?
Well, hello!
Wesley Wyndam-Pryce. It's very  nice to meet you.
Evil?
Oh, yes, Gwendolyn Post, we all  heard. A sad example of the  seductive power of dark knowledge.  Mr. Giles has checked my credentials  rather thoroughly and phoned the  council but I'm glad to see you're on  the ball as well, a good slayer is a  cautious slayer.
(a hint of peeve) Well, I'm glad that's cleared up.  And as I'm sure none of us is anxious  to waste time on pleasantries, why  don't you tell me everything about  last night's patrol.
Yes?
Anything else you can tell me?
Swords? One long, one short?
It should.
Fifteenth century duelist cult. Deadly  in their day, their numbers dwindled  in later centuries, due to an increase  in antivampire activity and a lot of  pointless dueling. They eventually  became the acolytes of a demon  called Balthazar, who brought them  to the new world. Specifically, here.
I didn't get this job because of my looks.
I've researched this town's history.  Extensively.
They were driven out a hundred years  ago. Balthazar was, happily, killed.  I'm not sure by whom.
Balthazar had an amulet, purported to  give him strength. When he was killed,  it was taken by a wealthy landowner -  I don't want to bore you with the details…
…Named Gleaves. It's buried with  him and I believe the few remaining  Eliminati are probably looking for it.  For sentimental value.
Not at all. None the less, we may as  well keep it from them. Buffy, you  will go to the Gleaves family crypt  tonight and fetch the amulet.
Are you not used to being given  orders?
I don't feel like we're getting off  on quite the right foot -
Ah! This is perhaps Faith?
They'll get used to me.
These are all the diaries, then?  Yours included?
(looking) Ah yes. Here's your first entry. (reads) "Slayer is willful and insolent." That  would be our girl, wouldn't it?
(reading further) "… her abuse of the English  Language is such that I understand  only every other sentence…"  This is going to make fascinating  reading.
Not to fret. My mission scenario  has her back in a minute or so.  Shouldn't be any trouble.
Well. Looks authentic enough.  Of course, there are tests to be  made before actual verification…
Perhaps there were a few more of  them than we'd anticipated, but  I'd expect you to be ready for  anything. Remember the three  key words for any slayer:
Preparation. Preparation.  Preparation.
Buffy, I must ask you to remember  that I am your watcher. From now  on, anything you have to say about  slaying, you say to me. The only  thing you need to discuss with Mr.  Giles is… overdue book fees.  Understood?
You're not helping.
There you are!
Well, you're certainly giving me a  run for my money. (pulling her aside) I think we should establish that when  you go out slaying, you leave me a  number where I can -
Who are you?
It's somewhere very safe.
How did you -
Now hold on a minute.
Okay, people? Balthazar is dead.  Am I the only one who remembers  that?
What's going on…?
I didn't say you had emotional  problems! I said you had AN  emotional problem. It's very  different.
The way you've handled this  assignment is something of an  embarrassment to the council -
The fact is, you are no longer qualified  to act as watcher. It's not your fault,  you've done well, but it's time for  somebody else to take the field.
Oh god, Oh God…
(freaking) Stay calm, Mr Giles, we have to stay  calm.
What is that thing?
There's no need to get snippy.
Are you out of your mind? This is  hardly the time for games!
Now hold on! We can deal with this  rationally. We have something you  want. You have something we want.
NOO!! The slayer gave it to  someone! A tall man! A friend of  hers! I'll tell you everything!
But… I like to have… my kneecaps…
Yes… sir…
(terrified realization) Ooh. Didn't actually catch it.
Aaaahhh!!!
Uh… Mr. Giles?