Our new slogan.
Since nine this morning, actually.
Not to worry. I have a very good feeling about this place. Magic's a small niche market, but think about it: Sunnydale. Monsters. Supply. Demand. Be lines around the block in no time.
Buffy, are you all right? You seem distracted.
She is getting medical attention?
I'm sorry. But time and patience can both be great comforts in...
Appears to be paranormal in origin.
Well, it's so shiny.
Of course. This way. (to Buffy) If any customers do show up...
(smiling) Thank you for choosing to shop at The Magic Box. And please, do come again.
Did you see? Customers! Real live customers! They came in, and I gave them things, and they gave me money and then they left! It's brilliant!
We'll just have to keep at it, then. (to customers) If there's anything you need help with, just let me know.
Anya...
And the change is palpable. That stuff doesn't come cheap.
You've spoken with her doctors?
Such as...?
Who will?
It's possible, but still. A madman's ramblings are not much to go on.
No, it's the ground cloven hooves that are thirty percent off - whole hooves, full price.
That's um, not candy... (to Xander) Xander. There's, there's too many of them. People. And they all seem to want things.
Cloutier?
All spells leave some trace signature, they're just not perceptible to the human eye. In this case, it could be the image of a hand choking your mother.
Possibly. You'll have to take a mental picture. Cameras won't see or capture the image.
Yes. Buffy, The sorcerer Cloutier was legendary. His skills at achieving higher states of consciousness were...
But are you ready?
Buffy - I'm glad I caught you... I think we may have underestimated what we're dealing with.
We've uncovered more than expected...
...about this Orb. It's called The Dagon's Sphere, and has a history that goes back many centuries.
It's a protective device. Used to ward off ancient, primordial evil.
This is where accounts get vague. All we've pinned down is that The Dagon's Sphere was created to repel...
(reading) "...that which cannot be named."
Anything that goes unnamed is usually an object of deep worship, or great fear. Maybe both. You could face a level of raw power you've never known before. Have you...
Hello? Hel-lo?
(weary) Would someone please rip that bloody bell off its hinges?
I think I liked it better when demons would crash in and tear the place apart. It just seemed so much simpler.
Anya...
Anya...
(exploding) Anya!
Would you like a job?
Good. Then let's talk shop tomorrow.
She said it didn't work. And now she's off investigating who left The Dagon's Sphere behind.
No, no, I just hope she isn't doing anything too rash.