I just wanted to say, I'm heading out.  And it's not real safe around here, so,  if you need a walk back to your dorm...
Don't worry about it. So... you  ready to go?
Yeah, hobbies. Interests. I feel like there's  so much I still don't know about you.  What do you like to do?
Yeah, I was into that for a while.
You have a scar.
Oh, mine are all psychological.
Well, my father died last year.
No, no, I'm okay to talk about it now.  And I'm not doing the deep "get sympathy"  routine. Don't you hate guys that are all  "I'm dark and brooding so give me love"?  BUFFY I... I've never met that type.
I just wanted to say that the thing that  made it so sad was that there was a lot  of stuff he didn't get to finish. Like,  he thought there'd always be this future  out there, and then there wasn't.  It's made me think about, you know,  living for now.
Wow. I mean, you hear about stuff  like that...
That's great. Everyone says they get it:  "oh, man, me too, live for today," but  what they really want is an excuse to  goof off and not study for finals.
It's cool to find someone else who  understands.
I'm going to regret being too nervous to  ask you to the party at Wolf House  tomorrow night. Do you want to go  to the party at Wolf --
Buffy? When you... drowned, whoever  brought you back? they're getting a big  kiss from me.
Nice.
Is your neck okay?
I'll pick you up tomorrow for the party...
Watch out. You can take pictures, but  stay in the safari truck at all times.
(shouted) You wanna dance?
Looks like your friend there started the  party a little early, huh?
Hi, I'm Parker...
I was getting a little worried.
Buffy, it's okay. You did a good thing  for your friend. (then) Did, uh, did you and he used to, like,  go out, or...?
Good.
Buffy.
Well, I declared pre-med but I hated it.  I switched to History.
People think it's dull. But there's something  amazing about these huge events, that  when you dig down into them, they're  all about people. Regular people, just  trying to make choices.
That's 'cause when you look back, it  seems like things only could have  happened that one way. Like people  were swept up in events they couldn't  control. But I don't believe that.  You always have a choice. With  everything you do.
That sounds exhausting.
I just had to. Is this okay?
(teasing now) Because I could stop, if you wanted.  Your choice.
Hey, you're up!
I live here.
It seemed like you were gonna be out  for a while, so I went for coffee and  doughnuts. Better than whatever I've  got around here, warm soda and  breath mints.
You look cute.
Actually, the thing is, my mom's  coming to visit...
I'll call you, if that's okay?
A kiss?
(to the girl) I mean, it hit me hard, you know, my dad.  And since then I just don't put stuff off  anymore. It's about living for now.
Buffy! Buffy Summers, this is  Katie Loomis.
Hey, Katie, you're gonna be late for  class. I'll catch up, okay?
Yeah. You'd like her a bunch. So,  what's up?
It's only been a couple of days.  You need to talk to me about something?
Sure it is.
Sure.
We can do that. Absolutely.  BUFFY Great. Tonight?
Well, the thing is, I think I'm sort of  getting together with some people later.
Sorry to rush you, just, late for class.
Something wrong? No, of course not.  It was fun. Didn't you have fun? (joking) Watch out how you answer, my  ego's fragile.
Okay, I'm a little confused now. I mean,  I definitely got the idea you'd done it  before. You were one who was all over  me. It was fun. What else was it  supposed to be?
I do. But I'm starting to feel like you  thought that meant, what? Some kind  of commitment? Is that really what  you want right now?
I'm sorry if you misunderstood something.  I thought things were pretty clear.
Look, I really have to go now.
I'll give you a call sometime.