(softly) …in time.
Well, maybe next time I'll bring you with me, Spike. Might be handy to have you along if I  ever need a really good parking space.
And as a guest, if there's anything I can do for you… any… responsibility I can assume while you spin your wheels… (purposeful leer toward Dru) …anything I'm not <u>already</u> doing, that is…
Did Buffy tell you about us?
(distraught) I can't… I can't do that.
(pleading) You have to help me. Joyce, I need to be with  her. You can convince her. You have to  convince her.
You have to talk to her for me, Joyce. Tell her I need her. She'll listen to you.
You don't understand, Joyce. I'll die without Buffy… She'll die without me.
Please! Why is she doing this to me?
I haven't been able to sleep since the night we made love. I <u>need</u> her, I know you understand.
I was invited… (off her puzzled look) The sign in front of the school: "Formatia trans sicere educatorum."
What can I say? I'm a knowledge seeker.
I heard. You went shopping at the local boogedy boogedy store.
The orb of Thesulah. If memory serves, this is supposed to summon a person's soul from the ether, store it until it can be transferred. (stares into the orb) You know what I hate most about these things…?
They're so damned fragile. Must be that shoddy Gypsy craftmanship.
I never cease to be amazed by how much the world has changed in just two and a half  centuries. It's a miracle to me. You put the  secret to restoring my soul in here…
…and it comes out here.
The Ritual of Restoration. Wow, this brings back memories.
My what? My "cure." No thanks. Been there, done that. And déjà vu just isn't what it used to be.
Well, isn't this my lucky day. The computer and the pages. Looks like I get to kill two birds with one stone.
And teacher makes three.
Oh, good… I need to work up an appetite first.
Sorry, Jenny. This is where you get off.
I never get tired of doing that…
Don't worry, roller boy. We don't have  anything to worry about. I've got  everything under control.
Geez, what ever happened to wooden stakes?
All right, you've had your fun. But you know what it's time for now?
You know, even when I feed off other girls, the name I call out… is yours.