ANGEL: (softly) …in time.
GILES: Who?
BUFFY: Angel. He was in my room last night.
BUFFY: Positive. When I woke up, I found a picture he'd left under my pillow. 
XANDER: A visit from the pointed-tooth fairy.
CORDELIA: Wait, I thought vampires couldn't come in unless you invited them in.
GILES: Yes, but if you invite them in once, thereafter, they are always welcome.
XANDER: Ya know, I think there may be a valuable lesson for you gals here about inviting strange men into your bedrooms…
CORDELIA: (realizes) Oh, my god! I invited him into my car once! That means he could come back into my car whenever he wants!
XANDER: Yep. Now you're doomed to having to give him and his vamp pals a lift whenever they feel like it. And  those guys never chip in for gas.
BUFFY: Giles, there has to be some spell to reverse the  invitation, right? I mean a barrier - "no shoes, no  pulse, no service" kind of thing?
CORDELIA: That also works for cars.
GIHLES: Well, I could certainly check my-
XANDER: Hel-<u>lo</u>… excuse me, but have you ever heard of knocking?
STUDENT: We're supposed to get some books. On Stalin. For a report.
XANDER: Does this look like a Barnes and Noble?
GILES: Xander! This <u>is</u> the school library.
XANDER: (innocently) Since when?
GILES: (to the student) Yes, third row, historical biography.
STUDENT: Okay… uh, thanks.
XANDER: So… about-ay ee-thay ampire-vay… (off looks) Allway-hay?
STUDENT: Uh, did you say that was… (looks around) Hello?
GILES: So, apparently Angel has decided to step up his harassment of you.
CORDELIA: By sneaking into her room at night and leaving stuff? Why not just slash her throat, or strangle her in her  sleep, or cut out her heart…? (off looks) What? I'm trying to help.
GILES: It's a classic battle strategy, to throw ones  opponent off his game. He's <u>trying</u> to provoke you. To taunt you… goad you into a misstep of some sort.
XANDER: The "nyah, nyah, nyah, nyah" approach to battle.
GILES: Yes, Xander, once again you've managed to boil a complex thought down to its simplest possible form.
BUFFY: (concerned) Giles, Angel once told me, when he was obsessed with Drusilla, one of the first things he did was to kill her family…
XANDER: (to Buffy) Your mom…
BUFFY: (nods) I'm going to have to tell her… something. The truth.
GILES: No! You can't do that!
XANDER: Yeah. The more people who know the secret,  the more it cheapens it for the rest of us.
BUFFY: But, I have to do something. Angel has an all  access pass to my house and I'm not always there when my mom is. I can't protect her.
GILES: I told you, I'll look for a spell…
BUFFY: What about until you find a spell?
CORDELIA: Until then, you and your mom are welcome to ride around with me in my car. You can protect her there.
GILES: Buffy, I understand your concern, but it is  imperative you remain level-headed in this.
BUFFY: Easy for you. You don't have Angel lurking in your bedroom at night.
GILES: I know how hard this is for you. But as the Slayer, you do not have the luxury of being slave to your  passions. You mustn't let Angel get to you, regardless of how provocative his behavior may become.
XANDER: There you go. You Zen, you win.
BUFFY: Great, so basically, what you're saying is, "Just ignore him and maybe he'll go away."
GILES: Precisely.
XANDER: Hey, how come Buffy doesn't get a snotty "once again you boil it down to its simplest form" thing? (then, to Buffy) Watcher's pet.
JENNY: Don't forget I need your sample spreadsheets by  the end of the week.
JENNY: (calls after them) And I want both a paper print-out and a copy on disk. (to an exiting Willow) Willow…
WILLOW: (stops, turns) Yes?
JENNY: I may be a little late coming in tomorrow. Do you think you could take over my class until I show?
WILLOW: (elated) Really? Me? Teach the class? Sure! (now, panic) Oh, wait… but what if they don't recognize my  authority? What if they try to convince me that  you always let them leave class early? What  if there's a fire drill? What if there's a fire?
JENNY: (calming) Willow… Willow, you'll be fine. I'll try not to be too late, okay.
WILLOW: Okay… good. Earlier is good. (then, a bit of a smile) Will I have the power to assign detention? Or make 'em run laps?
JENNY: (trying, a greeting) Hello, Rupert… Buffy.
BUFFY: (doesn't respond to Jenny) Hey, Will. I thought I might take in a class. I could sure use someone who knows where they are.
WILLOW: (Sotto to Buffy, re: Jenny) Sorry. I have to talk to her. She's a teacher. And teachers are to be respected. Even if they're only filling in until the real teacher shows up. Otherwise, chaos could ensue, and…
JENNY: How've you been?
GILES: Not very well. Since Angel lost his soul, he  seems to have regained his sense of whimsy.
JENNY: That sounds bad.
GILES: He's been in Buffy's bedroom. I'm going to have to drum up a spell to keep him out of the house.
JENNY: Here. (hands him a book) Might help. I've been… reading up since  Angel changed. I don't think you have that.
GILES: Thank you.
JENNY: How is Buffy doing?
GILES: How do you think?
JENNY: Rupert, I know you feel betrayed.
GILES: Yes, that's one of the unpleasant side effects of betrayal.
JENNY: I was raised by the people Angel hurt the most. My duty to them was the first thing I was ever taught. I didn't come here to hurt anyone. I lied to you  because I thought it was the right thing to do. I didn't  know what would happen. (beat: quietly) I didn't know I was going to fall in love with you.
GILES: Jenny…
JENNY: Oh god - is it too late to take that back?
GILES: Do you want to?
JENNY: I want to be right with you. I don't expect… more.  But I want to make all this up to you.
GILES: I understand. But I'm not the one you need to make it up to. Thank you for the book.
JOYCE: Okay… what's wrong?
BUFFY: It's nothing.
JOYCE: Come on, you can tell me anything. I've read all the parenting books, so you can't surprise me.
BUFFY: (considers, then) Do you remember that guy, Angel?
JOYCE: Angel…? The college boy who was tutoring you in history?
BUFFY: Right. Well, he's… and I'm… (chickens out) We're sort of dating. <u>Were</u> dating. We're going through  kind of a serious "off again" phase right now.
JOYCE: Don't tell me. "He's changed. He's not the same  guy you fell for."
BUFFY: In a nutshell. Anyway, ever since… he changed… he's been kind of following me around. (a little heavier) Having a little trouble letting go.
JOYCE: Buffy, has he… done anything…?
BUFFY: No, no. He's just been hanging around… a lot. Leaving me notes… I just don't want to see him right now. I mean if he shows up, I'll talk to him but… just don't invite him in.
WILLOW: (into the phone) I agree with Giles, you need to just try and not  let him get to you. Angel's only doing this to try to get you to do something stupid. (in disgust) I swear, men can be such jerks sometimes… (then, adding) …dead or alive.
BUFFY: (into phone) I just hope Giles can find a "keep out" spell soon. I know I'll sleep easier once I can… sleep easier.
WILLOW: (into phone) I'm sure he will. He's, like, BookMan. Until then, just try to keep happy thoughts and…
WILLOW: Thanks for having me over, Buffy. Especially on a school night and ll.
BUFFY: Hey, no problem. Sorry about your fish.
WILLOW: It's okay, we hadn't really had time to bond yet. I just got them for Hanukkah. Although, for the first  time, I'm <u>glad</u> my parents didn't let me have a puppy.
BUFFY: It's so weird… Every time something like that  happens my first instinct is to run to tell Angel. I can't believe it's the same person. He's the  complete opposite of what he was.
WILLOW: Well… Sort of, except…
BUFFY: Except what?
WILLOW: You're still the only thing he thinks about.
WILLOW: So… (pointing to crossbow by Buffy's feet) …are you using that?
DRUSILLA: Spike… Love… I've brought something for you…
DRUSILLA: Poor thing. She's an orphan. Her owner died… without a fight. Do you like her, Spike? I brought her especially for you, to cheer you u p. (kneels in front of Spike) I've named her "Sunshine." (to Spike, as if to a child) …open wide…
DRUSILLA: Come on. Love. You need to eat something to keep your strength up. Now, open for Mommy…
SPIKE: (roars) I won't have you feeding me like a child, Dru!
DRUSILLA: My Angel! Where have you been? The sun is almost up, and it can be so hurtful. We were worried.
SPIKE: No, we weren't.
DRUSILLA: You must forgive Spike. He's just a bit testy tonight. Doesn't get out much anymore.
ANGEL: Well, maybe next time I'll bring you with me, Spike. Might be handy to have you along if I  ever need a really good parking space.
SPIKE: (roars) Have you forgotten that you're a bloody  guest in my bloody home?!
ANGEL: And as a guest, if there's anything I can do for you… any… responsibility I can assume while you spin your wheels… (purposeful leer toward Dru) …anything I'm not <u>already</u> doing, that is…
SPIKE: (roars) That's <u>enough</u>!
DRUSILLA: Awww, you two boys… fighting over me… makes a girl feel-
SPIKE: Dru! Pet? What is it?!
DRUSILLA: (cryptically) The air… it worries. Someone… an old enemy is seeking help to destroy our happy home.
MAN: (creepy voice) Welcome. How may I serve you today? Love potion? Perhaps a voodoo doll for that unfaithful...
JENNY: I need an orb of Thesulah.
MAN: (drops the creepy voice) Oh, you're in the trade. Follow me. (turns, crosses) Sorry about the spiel, but around Valentine's Day, I get a lot of tourists shopping for love  potions and mystical revenge on old lovers. Sad  fact is, Ouija boards and rabbits' feet are what  pay the rent here.
MAN: So… how'd you hear about us?
JENNY: My uncle, Enyos, told me about you.
MAN: Ah, you must be Janna, then. Sorry to hear  about your uncle. He was a good customer.
MAN: Here ya go, one Thesulan orb. Spirit vault  used in Rituals for the Undead. (shakes his head) Nasty folk, the Undead… Love to shoplift. Insist on haggling…
MAN: Don't get much call for those lately. Sold a couple as "new age" paperweights last year. I do love the "new agers." They paid for my  youngest to go to college. (remembers) By the way, you <u>do</u> know that the  transliteration annals for the Rituals for the Undead were lost. Without the annals, the  surviving text of the Rituals is gibberish.
JENNY: And without a transliteration text, the orbs of  Thesula are pretty much useless. I know.
MAN: I only bring it up because I have a strict  policy on no refunds.
JENNY: It's okay. I've been working on a computer  program for rendering the Romanian liturgy to English, based on random sampling of the text.
JENNY: (smiles) Well, thanks.
MAN: By the way… none of my business, really,  but what are you planning to conjure up if you can decipher the text?
JENNY: A present for a friend of mine…
MAN: Oh, yeah. What are you gonna give him?
JENNY: (at the orb) His soul.
XANDER: Well, good morning, ladies. And what did  you two do last night?
WILLOW: Oh, we had kind of a pajama-party-sleepover- with-weapons thing.
XANDER: Ah, and I don't suppose either of you had the presence of mind to locate a camera to capture the moment?
WILLOW: I have to go. I have a class to teach in about five minutes and I need to get there early to glare  disapprovingly at the stragglers. (then, disapointed) Oh, darn. She's here…
BUFFY: I'll see you guys in class.
BUFFY: Hey.
JENNY: Hi. Is there something - did you want something?
BUFFY: (trying to start) Look, I know you're feeling bad about what happened and I want to say… good. Keep it up.
JENNY: Don't worry, I will.
BUFFY: Wait. I, uh - (one more try) He misses you.
BUFFY: He doesn't say anything to me, but I know he does. I don't want him to be lonely. (avoiding her eye) I don't want anyone to.
JENNY: Buffy, if I have a chance to make it up to you-
BUFFY: We're good here. Let's leave it.
GILES: Buffy… so, how was your night?
BUFFY: Sleepless… but no fatalities.
GILES: I found a ritual to revoke the invitation to vampires.
CORDELIA: Oh, thank goodness. I actually had to talk my grandmother into switching cars with me last night.
GILES: The ritual itself is fairly basic, actually: recitation of a few simple rhyming couplets, burning of moss herbs, hanging of crosses, sprinkling of holy water…
BUFFY: Great. All stuff I just happen to have lying around the house.
CORDELIA: Holy water?! But… my car has leather upholstery!
WILLOW: I'm going to have a hard time explaining this to my dad.
BUFFY: You really think this'll bother him?
WILLOW: Ira Rosenberg's only daughter nailing crucifixes to her bedroom wall? I have to go to Xander's  house just to watch "A Charlie Brown  Christmas" every year.
BUFFY: I see your point.
WILLOW: (smiles) Although, it is worthwhile just to see Xander do the Snoopy dance.
CORDELIA: (re: aquarium) Uh, Willow, are you aware that there are no fish in your aquarium?
BUFFY: You know, Cordelia, we've already done your car. You can call it a night if you want.
CORDELIA: Sure, two's company, three's… not. And you know I'd do the same for you if either of you <u>had</u> a social life.
CORDELIA: Oh, hey… this must be for you.
WILLOW: (to Buffy) It's for you…
JOYCE: Oh, my God…!
JOYCE: (discomfited) You're… Angel.
ANGEL: Did Buffy tell you about us?
JOYCE: She told me she wants you to leave her alone.
ANGEL: (distraught) I can't… I can't do that.
JOYCE: You're scaring her.
ANGEL: (pleading) You have to help me. Joyce, I need to be with  her. You can convince her. You have to  convince her.
JOYCE: I'm telling you to leave her alone…
ANGEL: You have to talk to her for me, Joyce. Tell her I need her. She'll listen to you.
JOYCE: (increasing discomfort) Please, I just want to get inside…
ANGEL: You don't understand, Joyce. I'll die without Buffy… She'll die without me.
JOYCE: Are you threatening her?
ANGEL: Please! Why is she doing this to me?
JOYCE: I'm calling the police, now.
ANGEL: I haven't been able to sleep since the night we made love. I <u>need</u> her, I know you understand.
WILLOW: (in Latin) "… his verbes, consenus rescissus est." (by these words, consent repealed.)
BUFFY: (flatly) Sorry, Angel. I've changed the locks.
JENNY: Oh, hi.
GILES: You're working late.
JENNY: Special project. (beat) I spoke to Buffy today.
GILES: Yes?
JENNY: She said you missed me.
GILES: She is a meddlesome girl
JENNY: Rupert, I don't want to say anything if I'm  wrong, but I may have some news… I have to finish up - can I see you later?
GILES: Yes. You could stop by the house.
JENNY: Okay.
GILES: Good.
MAN: Can't you read the sign?
MAN: (cowed) Wh-what do <u>you</u> want?
DRUSILLA: Miss Sunshine here tells me you had a visit today… But she worries. She wants to know what you and the mean teacher talked about?
JENNY: Come on… come on…
JENNY: (exhilarated) That's it! This will work. (a small laugh) This will work.
JENNY: Angel! How did you get in here?!
ANGEL: I was invited… (off her puzzled look) The sign in front of the school: "Formatia trans sicere educatorum."
JENNY: "Enter, all ye who seek knowledge."
ANGEL: What can I say? I'm a knowledge seeker.
JENNY: Angel… I have good news.
ANGEL: I heard. You went shopping at the local boogedy boogedy store.
ANGEL: The orb of Thesulah. If memory serves, this is supposed to summon a person's soul from the ether, store it until it can be transferred. (stares into the orb) You know what I hate most about these things…?
ANGEL: They're so damned fragile. Must be that shoddy Gypsy craftmanship.
ANGEL: I never cease to be amazed by how much the world has changed in just two and a half  centuries. It's a miracle to me. You put the  secret to restoring my soul in here…
ANGEL: …and it comes out here.
ANGEL: The Ritual of Restoration. Wow, this brings back memories.
JENNY: Angel, wait…! That's your-
ANGEL: My what? My "cure." No thanks. Been there, done that. And déjà vu just isn't what it used to be.
ANGEL: Well, isn't this my lucky day. The computer and the pages. Looks like I get to kill two birds with one stone.
ANGEL: And teacher makes three.
ANGEL: Oh, good… I need to work up an appetite first.
ANGEL: Sorry, Jenny. This is where you get off.
ANGEL: I never get tired of doing that…
GILES: Willow? Hi.
WILLOW: (upbeat) Hi. Come on in. Here's the book.
GILES: (a beat, then) Yes, I should do my apartment tonight. Did the ritual work out all right?
WILLOW: Oh, yeah. It went fine. (then) Well, it went fine up until the part where Angel  showed up and told Buffy's mom that he and Buffy had… well, you know, that they had…  they had… you know… (dawns on her) Uh, you <u>do</u> know, right?
GILES: Oh, yes, sorry.
WILLOW: (relieved) Oh, good. Because I just realized, that  being a librarian and all, maybe you really  didn't know-
GILES: No… thank you, I got it.
WILLOW: You would have been proud of her,  though. She totally kept her cool. (chipper) Okay. Well, I'll tell Buffy you stopped by…
GILES: Wait! Do you think I should perhaps… intervene on Buffy's behalf with her  mother? Maybe say something.
WILLOW: Sure! Like what would you say?
GILES: Well, like… for instance, I could say… that is… (gives up) So, you <u>will</u> tell Buffy I dropped by, then?
WILLOW: You bet. As soon as she comes back down from talking with her mom.
BUFFY: That stuff with the herbs and the Latin, that's, um… He's just real superstitious.
JOYCE: Oh.
BUFFY: I figure if we're careful not to -
JOYCE: Was he the first?
JOYCE: No. Wait. I don't want to know. Or, I don't think I want to -
BUFFY: Yes. He was the first. I mean, the only.
JOYCE: He's older than you.
BUFFY: I know.
JOYCE: <u>Too</u> old, Buffy. And he's obviously not very stable. I really wish… I thought you would show more judgment.
BUFFY: Mom, I - he wasn't like this before.
JOYCE: Are you in love with him?
BUFFY: I was…
JOYCE: Were you careful?
BUFFY: Mom -
JOYCE: Don't 'Mom' me, Buffy - you don't get to get out of this. You had sex with a boy you didn't even see fit to tell me you were dating.
BUFFY: (by rote) I made a mistake.
JOYCE: Don't just say that to shut me up because I think you really did.
BUFFY: I know that! Mom, my life is so… I can't tell you everything.
JOYCE: How about <u>anything</u>? Buffy, you can shut me out of your life, I'm pretty much used to that, but don't expect me to stop caring about you 'cause it's never gonna happen. I love you more than anything in the world.
JOYCE: That would be your cue to roll your eyes and tell me I'm grossing you out.
BUFFY: You're not. I'm glad.
JOYCE: Well, I guess that was the talk.
BUFFY: How did it go?
JOYCE: I don't know, it's my first.
BUFFY: Well, what did you tell Grandma when you…
JOYCE: Nothing! (thinks) I don't think she <u>knows</u>…
GILES: (calls out) Hello? Jenny…?
GILES: (calls again) It's me…
POLICEMAN: Mr. Giles, we're going to have to ask you to come with us, just to answer a few questions.
GILES: Of course… yes… procedure. (a flicker of life) I need to make a telephone call first… if that's alright.
WILLOW: (unheard dialog) So, was it horrible?
BUFFY: (unheard dialog) It wasn't too horrible…
BUFFY: (unheard dialog, into phone) Hello…?
GILES: (unheard dialog, over the phone) Buffy?
BUFFY: (unheard dialog, into phone) Giles! Hey, we finished the sp-
GILES: (unheard dialog, into phone) Jenny… Ms. Calendar… she's been killed…
BUFFY: (unheard dialog, into phone) What…?
GILES: (unheard dialog, into phone) It was Angel…
WILLOW: (unheard dialog) Buffy…?
WILLOW: (unheard dialog, into phone) Giles?
GILES: (unheard dialog, into phone) Willow. Angel's killed Jenny.
WILLOW: (unheard dialog, anguished cry) What? No… Oh, no…
JOYCE: (unheard dialog) Willow! My god, Buffy, what's wrong? Has something happened?
BUFFY: Well? Where's Giles?
XANDER: No luck. By the time we got to the station, the cops said he'd already left. I guess they just wanted to ask him some questions.
CORDELIA: I still don't get it. Why Ms. Calendar?  She was so… harmless.
XANDER: (harsh) Because Angel's a blood-sucking coward. They pick on the harmless.
CORDELIA: And we're <u>sure</u> it was Angel?
BUFFY: (hard) It was Angel, alright.
CORDELIA: Did Giles say… is Ms. Calendar going to… you know, be a vampire?
WILLOW: No.
BUFFY: Cordelia, will you drive us to Giles' house?
CORDELIA: Of course.
WILLOW: But do you think maybe he wants to be alone?
BUFFY: (as they get in) I'm not worried about what he wants. I'm worried about what he's going to do.
XANDER: Hello…? Giles…?
XANDER: (re: album cover) Looks like Giles had big plans for the night.
BUFFY: (flatly) Giles didn't set all this up…
BUFFY: …Angel did. All this is like the pretty gift wrap he wrapped Ms. Calendar's body in.
XANDER: Oh, man. Poor Giles.
WILLOW: Look, all his weapons are gone.
CORDELIA: But, I thought he kept his weapons at the library.
XANDER: Those are his everyday weapons. These were his "good" weapons. The ones he only breaks out when company comes to visit.
WILLOW: So, it is what we were afraid of. Giles isn't here.
CORDELIA: Well, then, where is he?
BUFFY: (shaken) He'll go to wherever Angel is.
WILLOW: That means the Factory, right?
CORDELIA: So, Giles is going to try to kill Angel, then.
XANDER: (bitter) Well, it's about time somebody did.
WILLOW: (shocked) Xander!
XANDER: (with attitude) I'm sorry. But let's not forget that I hated Angel  long before all of <u>you</u> guys jumped on the  bandwagon. So, I think I deserve something  for not saying "I told you so" long before now.  And, if Giles wants to go after the… fiend who  murdered his girlfriend, I say "Faster, Pussycat. Kill. Kill."
BUFFY: (flatly) You're right.
WILLOW: What?!
XANDER: Thank you.
BUFFY: There's only one thing wrong with Giles' little revenge scenario.
XANDER: And, what's that?
BUFFY: (ominous) It's gonna get him killed.
SPIKE: (bellows at Angel) Are you insane?! We're supposed to kill the bitch, not leave gag gifts in her friends' beds.
DRUSILLA: But, Spike… the bad teacher was going to restore Angel's soul
SPIKE: And what if she did? If you ask me, I find myself preferring the old Buffy-whipped Angelus. Because this new, improved one is definitely not playing with a full sack.
SPIKE: Hey, I love a good slaughter as much as the next bloke, but his hijinks will only serve to  leave us with one incredibly brassed-off Slayer…
ANGEL: Don't worry, roller boy. We don't have  anything to worry about. I've got  everything under control.
ANGEL: Geez, what ever happened to wooden stakes?
GILES: They don't hurt enough.
SPIKE: Ahn-ahhh… no fair going into the ring unless he tags you first.
ANGEL: All right, you've had your fun. But you know what it's time for now?
BUFFY: <u>My</u> fun.
ANGEL: You know, even when I feed off other girls, the name I call out… is yours.
WILLOW: Buffy!
CORDELIA: Are you okay?
GILES: (not happy) Why did you come here? This was not your figh-
BUFFY: You bastard!
GILES: (weakly) You don't understand…
BUFFY: How could you do that? You're trying to get yourself killed? You can't! You can't leave me alone… not now… I can't do this by myself!
GILES: Jenny…
GILES: Jenny…
GILES: In my years as a Watcher, I've buried… too many people. Some I knew… most I didn't. Jenny is the first one that I've loved.
BUFFY: Sometimes, I wonder if any good ever  comes of it.
GILES: Comes of what?
BUFFY: Falling in love. Letting your emotions call the shots for you. Because if there is an  upside, I sure haven't come across it. (sighs) You're right about that rule of yours. You're the Watcher, I'm the Slayer… we  don't have the luxury of passion. It just  gets in the way. Life's easier without it.
GILES: Yes. It's just not… life.
BUFFY: I'm sorry I couldn't kill him for you… for her… when I had the chance.
WILLOW: (muted) Principal Snyder has asked me to fill in for Ms. Calendar, until the new computer teacher arrives… so, I'm just going to stick to the lesson plan that she left…