(stops, turns) Yes?
(elated) Really? Me? Teach the class? Sure! (now, panic) Oh, wait… but what if they don't recognize my  authority? What if they try to convince me that  you always let them leave class early? What  if there's a fire drill? What if there's a fire?
Okay… good. Earlier is good. (then, a bit of a smile) Will I have the power to assign detention? Or make 'em run laps?
(Sotto to Buffy, re: Jenny) Sorry. I have to talk to her. She's a teacher. And teachers are to be respected. Even if they're only filling in until the real teacher shows up. Otherwise, chaos could ensue, and…
(into the phone) I agree with Giles, you need to just try and not  let him get to you. Angel's only doing this to try to get you to do something stupid. (in disgust) I swear, men can be such jerks sometimes… (then, adding) …dead or alive.
(into phone) I'm sure he will. He's, like, BookMan. Until then, just try to keep happy thoughts and…
Thanks for having me over, Buffy. Especially on a school night and ll.
It's okay, we hadn't really had time to bond yet. I just got them for Hanukkah. Although, for the first  time, I'm <u>glad</u> my parents didn't let me have a puppy.
Well… Sort of, except…
You're still the only thing he thinks about.
So… (pointing to crossbow by Buffy's feet) …are you using that?
Oh, we had kind of a pajama-party-sleepover- with-weapons thing.
I have to go. I have a class to teach in about five minutes and I need to get there early to glare  disapprovingly at the stragglers. (then, disapointed) Oh, darn. She's here…
I'm going to have a hard time explaining this to my dad.
Ira Rosenberg's only daughter nailing crucifixes to her bedroom wall? I have to go to Xander's  house just to watch "A Charlie Brown  Christmas" every year.
(smiles) Although, it is worthwhile just to see Xander do the Snoopy dance.
(to Buffy) It's for you…
(in Latin) "… his verbes, consenus rescissus est." (by these words, consent repealed.)
(upbeat) Hi. Come on in. Here's the book.
Oh, yeah. It went fine. (then) Well, it went fine up until the part where Angel  showed up and told Buffy's mom that he and Buffy had… well, you know, that they had…  they had… you know… (dawns on her) Uh, you <u>do</u> know, right?
(relieved) Oh, good. Because I just realized, that  being a librarian and all, maybe you really  didn't know-
You would have been proud of her,  though. She totally kept her cool. (chipper) Okay. Well, I'll tell Buffy you stopped by…
Sure! Like what would you say?
You bet. As soon as she comes back down from talking with her mom.
(unheard dialog) So, was it horrible?
(unheard dialog) Buffy…?
(unheard dialog, into phone) Giles?
(unheard dialog, anguished cry) What? No… Oh, no…
No.
But do you think maybe he wants to be alone?
Look, all his weapons are gone.
So, it is what we were afraid of. Giles isn't here.
That means the Factory, right?
(shocked) Xander!
What?!
Buffy!
(muted) Principal Snyder has asked me to fill in for Ms. Calendar, until the new computer teacher arrives… so, I'm just going to stick to the lesson plan that she left…