Thank you, Xander.
Welcome home, Buffy.
Of course. And how did you find her?
I mean, was everything all right between you --
Ah. Excuse me.
Right, then. Tea's on.
Perhaps Buffy could use a little time to adjust before we grill her on her summer activities.
As for school, Buffy, you know you'll have to talk with Principal Snyder before-
It may be tough going. He's quite emphatic about a Buffy-free  Sunnydale High.
Well. How did it go?
Oh, dear...
Perhaps there's some way he can be over-ruled...
My lord - what a stench.
I'll take it back to the library and we'll  try to determine its exact origin.
This is striking. Nigerian?
You ought to stay here with your mother, Buffy. I'm sure you have lots of-
Actually, she can't. (to Buffy) You're not allowed on school property.
I'm sorry. I'll call as soon as I know  something.
Ah - of course. Tonight, then.
We're trying to find how and why it rose from the grave. It's not as if I'm going to take it home and serve it a warm saucer of milk-
It's not my-
I'm not sure that a... shin dig-
Hootenanny... is the order of the day. Maybe it's best to keep things more intimate. Buffy just got home - I'm sure she's still feeling disoriented.
Very well. Have it your way. I'm just glad to have her home...
Oh lord.
Excuse me? Hello?
I need to speak with Buffy. Right away. I have some information here that's rather urgent-
(losing it) I need to speak to Buffy! Right now!
BUFFY!
Hell- Hello...?
Unbelievable... (as Joyce) "Do you like my mask? Isn't it pretty?  It raises the dead!" (himself) Americans...
Are you all right? Can you move?
Good God-
(darkly) Good show, Giles.
Like riding a bloody bicycle.
Cordelia - it's me!
(exasperated) Cordelia - do stop being tiresome!
It makes sense. It's the mask in Joyce's bedroom they're after.
(ignoring her) The mask holds the power of a zombie demon called Ovu Mobani - "evil eye." (re: sitch upstairs) I don't think we can get past them.
If one of them puts it on... he'll be the demon incarnate.
Worse.
Out back!
Oz! Tell Buffy - Moboni's power is in his eyes. She has to go for the eyes  to defeat him!
I'd like to have a word with you.
You can't keep her out of this school.
You had no grounds for expelling her.
It won't hold. Buffy Summers is a minor and entitled to a public education. Your personal distaste for the girl does not legally enable you --
I thought I'd start with the State supreme court. You may be powerful in local circles, but I believe I can make life very uncomfortable for you. Professionally speaking. And Buffy Summers will be allowed back in.
Do you want me to convince you?