Oh! Buffy...
No, no... Don't worry about it. I guess I just got used to all the quiet while you were gone. (then) But it's no problem. Look-
Do you like it?
It's from Nigeria. We got a very exciting shipment at the gallery. I thought I'd hang a few pieces in here. It cheers up the room.
You have no appreciation of  primitive art --
Oh. You're... going out?
(worried) And - will you be slaying?
Do you want a sandwich or something before you go? You must be starving.
Well then - let me drive you. I mean,  they could be anywhere-
I want to put this whole thing behind  us. Get back to normal. (then) You go - have a good time.
But... you can't keep her out of school. You don't have the right.
Buffy was cleared of all those charges.
I don't see how you can be so cavalier  about a young girl's entire future.
This isn't over. If I have to, I'll go all  the way to the mayor.
(furious) Have you ever noticed his teeth? They're like tiny, little rodent teeth -
Horrible gnashing little teeth. You just want to pull them out with pliers.
Don't worry about school, honey. If we can't get you back into Sunnydale,  we may be able to swing private school.
It's not that bad.
We'll work something out.
Tell Willow I said hi.
Oh - I met her in-
Before I forget - Willow just called.
She got held up. But she said she tried to call.
No... But I had a thought - what if I invited Willow and Mr. Giles and everyone for dinner tomorrow night. Don't you think that would be nice?
(sheepishly) Since I sort of already did, I'm hoping for a yes.
Why don't you run downstairs and get the company plates.
We never have guests for dinner. Indulge your mother.
It's genetic.
You want to - say something?
How about - goodbye stray cat, who lost it's way. We hope... you find it.
I've been on the phone with the superintendent of schools. He seems more reasonable than that nasty little horrid bigoted rodent man.
-anyway, I'm going in to speak with him this afternoon. As for private schools- (she pushes some papers toward Buffy) Miss Porter's accepts late admissions.  I wrote down the information for you-
(hard) Buffy. You made some bad choices. You may just have to live with some consequences.
Nothing's settled yet. I just wish you didn't have to be so secretive about things. I mean, it's not your fault you have a special circumstance. They should make allowances for you.
Couldn't you tell just a few people? Like Principal Snyder? And maybe  the police? I'm sure they'd be happy  to know that they have a superhero -  is that the right term? It's not offensi -  AAAAHGH!
Yes, I have this wonderful dealer who specializes in ancient-
(interrupting) Please. It's fine. She can go with you.
And we'll see you tonight. Dinner?
Oh, Pat. Good. Buffy, I hope you don't mind-
Ooohhh. Look what I found.
The kids have their fun - we have ours.
Really? I'm.... (then/letting down) I don't know. While Buffy was gone -  all I could think about was getting her  home. I just knew if I could put my  arms around her and tell her how much  I loved her - then everything would  be okay...
But things are never that simple, are they? I mean, she's here. She's right in  front of me... So now I can see how  unhappy she is. And I still don't know  what to say - what to do - to make  things right.
This is a joke - right?
No - I can't "just!" What is this, Buffy?
(interrupting her) Well you better get sure and explain yourself right away! Because if you think you can just take off any time you-
Don't you leave this house, young lady!
That's it! You and I are going to have a talk.
You know what? I don't care. I don't  care what your friends think of me -  or you for that matter - because you  put me through the wringer, Buffy.  I mean it. And I've had schnapps!
Do you have any idea what it's been like?
You can't imagine. Months of not knowing. Not knowing if you were lying dead in a ditch somewhere or - I don't know - living it up-
(aghast) Buffy! You didn't give me any time. You just dumped this... this thing on me and expected me to get it. Well -  guess what? Mom's not perfect. I  handled it badly. But that doesn't  give you the right to punish me by  running away-
Are - are these vampires?
On three! (then) One... Two... THREE!
Oh my God.
(worried) What do we do if they get in?
Oh, God - Pat! We thought you were-
Honey - Are you alright?
So is this a typical day at the office?