Sounds like your mom's in a  state of denial.
Well, maybe not now. But soon. Maybe. (off Buffy's look) Or maybe I too hail from  Denialland.
It's pretty exciting...
I know! I could learn and have  scones! Although I don't know  how I feel about going to school  in a foreign country.
I think it's neat, you doing the  back-packing, trail mix, happy  wanderer thing.
Oxford.
I got into Harvard.
Buffy, she was just being  Cordelia. Only more so. Don't  pay any attention to her.
Well, if you didn't goad her so much-
You need a better nature.
Plans for city hall. They were in  the Water and Power mainframe.
Right. We have to destroy it.  Not just physically, but ritually.  With some down and dirty black magic.
Hey, I eat danger for breakfast.
Maybe we can just count one-one  thousand, two-one thousand...
(Latin) Sis modo dissolutum exposco, validum scutum! Diutius nec defende a manibus arcam, intende! (English) Be now dissolved, I demand, o powerful shield; no longer defend the box from our hands. Hear us!
Oh, yeah, I'm bad.
Taking off.
Oh, um, just looking for a  sucking candy. My mouth gets  dry when I'm nervous, or held  prisoner against my will...
Whoa.
Faith!
Faith, I want to tell you something...
It's way too late.
And here I thought you just  didn't have a comeback.
I'm not afraid of you.
So Faith is like, "I'm gonna beat  you up", and I'm all "I'm not  afraid of you", and then she had  the knife so that was less fun but  oh! I told her, "You made your  choice, Buffy was your friend..."
Volumes one through five.
Well, I was in a hurry, and what  I did read was kind of involved.  If you ask me, it was way overwritten.
There were a few pages that  looked interesting, but I didn't  have time to read them fully.
No thank you.
Deep thoughts?
As in?
It must be tough. I mean, cause  here I am, I can do anything I  want, I can go to any college in  the country, and four or five in  Europe if I want.
Nope.
I will be matriculating with the  class of 2003.
Say, isn't that where you're going?
What do you mean, I can't?
Of the two people here, which is  the boss of me?
Sunnydale's not bad. And I can  design my own curriculum.
Actually, this isn't about you.  Although I'm fond, don't get me  wrong, of you. The other night,  getting captured and all, facing  off with Faith... things just got  kind of clear. I mean, you've  been fighting evil here for about  three years, and I've been helping  out some, and now we're  supposed to be deciding what we  wanna do with our lives and I  realized that's what I want to do.  Fight evil. Help people. I think  it's worth doing, and I don't  think you do it 'cause you have  to. It's a good fight, Buffy, and I want in.
Besides, I've got a shot at  becoming a bad ass wicca, and what better place to learn?
Mochas?
Neat, huh?