I just threw together a few things...
First of all, Martha Stewart knows jack about hand-cut prosciutto.
Second of all... way too much time on my hands since I got kicked out of school.
(nods) We're seeing Snyde-man tomorrow. Maybe I should bring a wheel of my extra runny brie...
Hi.
I'm not trying to snare Scott Hope, Will. I just want to get my life back, okay? Do normal stuff.
Well...
All right, yes. Date. Shop. Go to school, hang out, save the world from unspeakable demons -- I wanna do all that girl stuff.
I miss you.
I had to...
Oh god, Angel...
So, I'm really back because the School Board overruled you... (nothing from Snyder) ...wow, that's like having your whole ability to do this job called into question when you think about it.
What did Giles want, was he mad?
(for Willow's benefit) Hi Giles.
Giles, please, contain yourself. Yes, I'm finally back in school but you know how it embarrasses me when you gush so. Why don't we just skip all that and get right to work.
That and chocolate, what else have I got? So, Acathla, what ya' doin': (re: mortar, herbs) ...making him some demon pizza?
Fire away.
Less. More like ten minutes.
Just barely.
Big fight, Angel got the pointy end of the sword, Acathla sucked him into hell instead of the world. That's about the it.
I gotta go. I've got the English make-up test. You get some credit just for speaking it, right?
Don't let me interrupt...
I passed my English make-up -- I'm out with my friends, hello my life, how I've missed you.
Hi, Scott.
Actually... I do.
Dance? I, uh... I don't know, I mean... I don't know. Thanks for asking but...
I'm just... I'm not ready.
I don't think that guy thrives on sunshine...
Oh. I didn't come to... I have to... (nods toward exit)
No. It's mine, it's mine. I really gotta...
Where is she...?
Well... sometimes I crave a non-fat yogurt afterwards...
Well, it's actually funny --
They're all tough in different ways I guess... (trying) Oh, but, do you guys remember the Three? Or, you never met the Three... But anyway --
(to Faith) Long story.
Apparently not that long.
Watcher-less?
Um, maybe I should introduce you again. Faith, this is Giles.
Okay, raise your hand if "ew."
I'm good to patrol. Late-ish, though; I promised mom I'd be home for dinner.
(to Faith) To which you're invited, of course. Dinner. With us.
(darn) Great. Then we'll patrol. Also together. Try to get a bead on these new vamps.
Yeah, I could use a little coaching
Yeah, you guys run along, I'll be fine, really, I'll just sit here...
Yeah. (pointing and demonstrating) Acathla. Angel. Me. (mimes stabbing) Sword.
Giles, I've got make-up tests to pass, missing folks in Sunset Ridge, a zesty new slayer to feed... next time I kill Angel I'll video it, okay?
I'm two for two with the make-up tests. Proud, yes, but also humble in this time of -- (re: they're looking elsewhere) What are we looking at?
I hadn't definitely, one hundred per cent said no to him for all time... it's just, you don't enter into these things lightly, there's repercussions to consider and...
Why am I seeing a look?
She's funny. And leaving. (to Faith) We have to go.
(gestures with her own empty plate) Mom...
Well sure, it's better than that dead feeling you get when they win and you lose.
I'm trying.
Best mom ever. Excuse me.
Yeah, she's personable. Gets along with my friends, my watcher, my mom -- look! Now she's getting along with my fries!
Plus, in school today, she was making eyes at MY not-boyfriend. It's creepy.
No, but I'm the one getting Single White Femaled here.
Hey, I... Mom, I'm just getting my life back. I'm not looking to go halfsies on it.
Yeah, I guess...
No one can take over for me, Mom.
The only way you get a new slayer is when the old one dies.
...it was just for a few minutes.
Mom...
It's okay, I'm not going to die. I know how to do this job. Besides, like you said, I've got help now.
I've got all the help I can stand.
Weird thing about vampires, they'll hit a place even after you've been there. It's like they have no manners.
I have.
What's that supposed to mean?
You got a problem?
I may not sleep in the nude and wrestle alligators --
What do you know about Angel?
I got an idea: how 'bout from now on we don't hear from you on Angel or anything else in my life. Which by the way, is my life.
Why are your lips still moving, "F"?
Would you like to?
Yeah -- (sees something O.S.) I just hope they can't.
Faith! You want to stake him already and give me a hand?
FAITH!
What is wrong with you?
I'm talking about you living large on the great undead here.
Or maybe you like it just a little too much.
The job is to slay demons. Not mash them into sloppy joes while their friends are cornering me.
I know, mine would be the sane one. Giles, she's not playing with a full deck. She has almost no deck. She has a three.
-- she doesn't need a whole other life here, she's got mine.
No, I'm being a lot. I know that. But I'm telling you, she nearly got us both killed, she needs help.
No tats, crappy dressers, oh, the one who nearly bit me said something about... kissing toast, he lived for kissing toast.
(still thinking) Or, it could have been taquitos, maybe he lived for taquitos... what'd you say?
Is that bad?
This guy shows up when, two days ago? Right around the time my bestest new little sister makes the scene.
There's two things I do not believe in. Coincidence and leprechauns.
Okay, but I'm right about leprechauns, right?
Good. Get England on the phone. I'm gonna talk to Faith. See if Kakistos rings a bell. Or an alarm.
Scott ...
Okay. I've gotta...
Looking back now I see I haven't really been fair to... Buster Keaton. I like what I've seen of him so far, I think it's time to see a little more.
I can't... I can't do this...
Yeah. I'm fine. Did you reach the retreat?
What'd her watcher say?
Just visiting.
Cloven guy, goes by the name of Kakistos.
That he's here.
So we're not happy to see old friends. What'd he do to you?
What would that be? (nothing from Faith) You came here for a reason, Faith, I can help --
Yeah, you're a real badass when it comes to packing. What'd you say about my problem, gotta deal and move on...?
Here we have the moving on part, I get that -- and dealing, that's something you just gonna dump on my doorstep?
Like you took care or your watcher?
He killed her, didn't he.
Faith, you run, he runs after.
It's okay, I just bought us a little --
-- time.
Scream later, escape now.
Go!
We're okay.
What happened?
It's okay.
Faith, listen to me. First rule of slaying: don't die. You did the right thing, you didn't die. Now do the math: one of him, two of us...
Yes.
(realizing:) They drove us here.
Don't die.
The music stopped.
You hungry?
Good. She came through, you know. She had a lot to deal with, but she did it. Got it behind her.
Angel was cured.
When I killed him, Angel was... cured. Your spell worked, Willow. Last minute. I was about to take him out and something went through him and then he was... Angel again. He didn't remember anything he'd done, he just held me, and... (this is tough) ... but it was, it was too late and I had to... I kissed him, and I told him that I loved him. And I killed him.
I don't know if that helps with your spell or not, Giles.
It's okay. I guess I been holding onto that. It's actually kinda good to get it out. (picks up her books) I'll see you guys later.
Hi.
So I was just... waiting here for you to get out of your class.
I'm really sorry about going mental on you... there was someone a while ago and the ring sort of confused me but... I liked what you said about friendship, I liked it a lot. Also, Buster Keaton, big fun. And I'm capable of the big fun even though there's no earthly way you could possibly know that about me lately. Wow, if I'd known I was going to go on this long I'd have brought water. So, if you were still up for the film festival -- and I'd understand if you weren't -- I'd pretty much love to go with you.
(smiles, then:) I have one thing I have to do tonight, after that I'm good.
Goodbye.