WILLOW: I'm giddy.
WILLOW: It's the freedom! As Seniors we can go off campus now for lunch. It's no longer cutting, it's legal. Heck, it's expected. But also a big step forward, a Senior Moment...
WILLOW: ...one that has to be savored fully before -- ooo!
WILLOW: I can't.
XANDER: You can.
WILLOW: But... what if they changed the rule without telling? What if they're laying in wait just so they can arrest me and put me in detention and mar my unblemished record?
XANDER: Breathe.
WILLOW: Okay. You can put me down. (they do; she links her arm through Oz's) Better now. Wow. We're seniors. Hey, we're walkin' here! (then:) Maybe we shouldn't be too couply around Buffy.
CORDELIA: Oh, you mean 'cause of how the only guy that ever liked her turned into a vicious killer and had to be put down like a dog?
XANDER: Can she cram complex issues into a nutshell or what?
OZ: Prepare to uncouple... uncouple.
XANDER: Buffy, banned from campus but not from our hearts, how are you and what's for lunch?
BUFFY: I just threw together a few things...
CORDELIA: When did you become Martha Stewart?
BUFFY: First of all, Martha Stewart knows jack about hand-cut prosciutto.
XANDER: I don't believe she slays, either.
OZ: I hear she can, but she doesn't like to.
BUFFY: Second of all... way too much time on my hands since I got kicked out of school.
WILLOW: I know they'll let you back in.
XANDER: Don't you and your mom have a meeting with Principal Snyder?
BUFFY: (nods) We're seeing Snyde-man tomorrow. Maybe I should bring a wheel of my extra runny brie...
WILLOW: (to Buffy) Scott Hope at eleven o'clock. (as Buffy looks) He likes you, he wanted to ask you out last year, you weren't ready then but I think you're ready now -- or at least in a state of pre-readiness that would allow you to make conversation or do that thing with your mouth chat boys like -- (sudden panic) I don't mean a bad thing with your mouth, I mean that sort of half smile that you do and -- (beat; to Oz:) You're s'posed to stop me when I do that.
OZ: I like it when you do that.
SCOTT: (passing by) Hi Buffy.
BUFFY: Hi.
WILLOW: Oh, I think that went very well. (to the others) Don't you think that went very well?
CORDELIA: He didn't try to slit our throats or anything, it's progress.
WILLOW: (to Buffy) Did you do the half smile?
BUFFY: I'm not trying to snare Scott Hope, Will. I just want to get my life back, okay? Do normal stuff.
WILLOW: Like date...
BUFFY: Well...
XANDER: Oh, you wanna date. I saw that half-smile, you slut.
XANDER: Ow.
BUFFY: All right, yes. Date. Shop. Go to school, hang out, save the world from unspeakable demons -- I wanna do all that girl stuff.
TRICK: Diet soda. Medium. Thank you.
TRICK: Sunnydale. Town's got quaint, and the people: he called me sir, don't you  miss that? Admittedly, not a haven for the brothers -- strictly the caucasian persuasion in the Dale -- but you gotta stand up and salute their death rate. I ran a statistical analysis and Hello Darkness -- Makes D.C. look like Mayberry. And nobody sayin' boo about it. We could fit right in here. Have some fun.
KAKISTOS: We're here for one thing.
TRICK: Kill the Slayer, I know. Still, big picture...
GUY: Have a nice night.
TRICK: Right back at you.
KAKISTOS: I'm going to rip her spine out of her body, then I'm going to eat her heart and suck the marrow from her bones.
TRICK: (beat) And now I'm hungry.
BUFFY: I miss you.
BUFFY: I had to...
ANGEL: I loved you...
BUFFY: Oh god, Angel...
ANGEL: GO TO HELL!
ANGEL: I did.
JOYCE: Ready to face the beast?
SNYDER: Here are the terms of your re-entry, Missy, take 'em or leave 'em.
SNYDER: One: you pass a make-up test for each class you skipped out on last year; two: you provide, in writing, one glowing recommendation from any member of our faculty who is not an English librarian; three: you complete an interview with the school psychologist who must conclude that your violent tendencies...
SNYDER: ...are under control.
JOYCE: I'm not sure I like your attitude, Mr. Snyder. I spoke to the School Board and according to them --
SNYDER: -- I'm required to educate every juvenile who's not in jail where she belongs. (to Buffy) Welcome back.
BUFFY: So, I'm really back because the School Board overruled you... (nothing from Snyder) ...wow, that's like having your whole ability to do this job called into question when you think about it.
JOYCE: I think what my daughter's trying to say is: nyah nyah nyah nyah.
WILLOW: It's so great you're a school girl again.
BUFFY: What did Giles want, was he mad?
WILLOW: (looks around) I don't think so, he just needed to see you. Have you ever noticed when he is mad but he's too English to say anything he makes that weird "cluck cluck" sound with his tongue --
BUFFY: (for Willow's benefit) Hi Giles.
WILLOW: Oh, hi. Been there long?
GILES: Buffy, good timing, I can use your help. I trust you remember the demon Acathla --
BUFFY: Giles, please, contain yourself. Yes, I'm finally back in school but you know how it embarrasses me when you gush so. Why don't we just skip all that and get right to work.
GILES: Oh, ahhh. Sorry. Of course it's wonderful that you're back. That goes without saying. But you... enjoy making me say it, don't you?
BUFFY: That and chocolate, what else have I got? So, Acathla, what ya' doin': (re: mortar, herbs) ...making him some demon pizza?
GILES: We need to make sure he remains dormant, and the dimensional vortex stays well shut. So I'm working on a binding spell.
WILLOW: Ooo, a spell, can I help?
GILES: Possibly with the research. It's a very sensitive --
WILLOW: Who's more sensitive than me?
GILES: -- and difficult spell. (to Buffy) It involves creating a protective circle around... I don't want to bore you, but there's a litany that one recites in Aramaic. It's very specific, and I need to know a few things about your experience in defeating Acathla and Angel.
BUFFY: Fire away.
GILES: I've put the time at around 6:17, about half an hour after Xander rescued me...
BUFFY: Less. More like ten minutes.
GILES: And was the vortex already open?
BUFFY: Just barely.
GILES: I see. And Angel...?
BUFFY: Big fight, Angel got the pointy end of the sword, Acathla sucked him into hell instead of the world. That's about the it.
GILES: Yes. Well that should be helpful.
BUFFY: I gotta go. I've got the English make-up test. You get some credit just for speaking it, right?
WILLOW: Sage, love that smell... and Marnox root. Just a smidge of this mixed with a virgin's saliva -- (off his look, drops root) -- does something I know nothing about.
GILES: These forces aren't something one plays around with, Willow. What have you been conjuring?
WILLOW: Nothing much. I mean, I tried that spell to cure Angel, I guess that was a bust, but after that just, you know, small stuff. Floating feather, fire out of ice, which next time I won't do on the bedspread -- are you mad at me?
GILES: Of course not. If I were angry I believe I would be making a strange clucking sound with my tongue.
BUFFY: Don't let me interrupt...
WILLOW: Are you... is she all a glow-y?
OZ: I suspect happiness.
BUFFY: I passed my English make-up -- I'm out with my friends, hello my life, how I've missed you.
WILLOW: (sees Scott approaching) Hi, Scott, what are you doing here?
SCOTT: You told me if I came after eight I could run into Buffy. (to Buffy) I'm a bad liar, it's not good for the soul -- or the skin: it makes me blotch.
BUFFY: Hi, Scott.
SCOTT: Hi. Don't you love this song?
BUFFY: Actually... I do.
SCOTT: (beat) Would you like to...? (re: dance floor)
BUFFY: Dance? I, uh... I don't know, I mean... I don't know. Thanks for asking but...
SCOTT: I'm just going to go stand by the dance floor. If you change your mind you can mosey on over. If not, you don't mosey. No harm, no foul.
WILLOW: Come on, Buffy, the guy is charm, and normal which is that thing you want to get back to.
OZ: Plus, bonus points for the use of the word "mosey."
BUFFY: I'm just... I'm not ready.
WILLOW: What's stopping you...?
CORDELIA: Check out the Slut-o-rama and her Disco Dave...
CORDELIA: ...what was the last thing that guy danced to, K.C. and the Sunshine Band?
BUFFY: I don't think that guy thrives on sunshine...
SCOTT: Hi.
BUFFY: Oh. I didn't come to... I have to... (nods toward exit)
SCOTT: Sorry. My bad.
BUFFY: No. It's mine, it's mine. I really gotta...
BUFFY: Where is she...?
CORDELIA: I bet it's nothing, they're probably just making out --
WILLOW: -- that's not what making out sounds like -- unless I'm doing it wrong...
FAITH: S'okay, I got it. You're Buffy, right?
FAITH: I'm Faith.
OZ: I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say we've got a new slayer in town.
FAITH: (re: stake) Can I borrow that?
FAITH: Thanks, B. Couldn't a done it without ya'.
FAITH: -- it was about a hundred and eighteen degrees, I'm sleepin' without a stitch on, suddenly I hear all this screamin'. I go tearin' outside -- stark nude -- this church bus has broke down and three vamps are feasting on half the Baptists in South Boston. So I waste the vamps and the preacher is hugging me like there's no tomorrow when the cops pull up. They arrested us both.
XANDER: They should film that story and show it every Christmas.
FAITH: God, I could eat a horse! (to Buffy) Isn't it crazy? Slayin' always makes you just hungry and horny.
BUFFY: Well... sometimes I crave a non-fat yogurt afterwards...
CORDELIA: I get it. (off their looks) Not the horny thing -- yuck -- the two slayer thing: there was only one, but then Buffy died for like two minutes so Kendra was called, then Kendra died so Faith was called.
WILLOW: But why were you called here?
FAITH: I wasn't. My watcher went to some retreat thing in England, so I skipped out. I thought, this is my big chance to meet the infamous Buff and compare notes -- So B, did you really use a rocket launcher one time?
BUFFY: Well, it's actually funny --
XANDER: (to Faith, interrupting) What was that about the alligator? You said something before --
FAITH: Oh, this big daddy vampire out of Missouri kept 'em as pets. He's got me rasslin' one of 'em, must of been twelve feet long --
XANDER: Now, was this also naked?
FAITH: (smiles) Well, the alligator was...
CORDELIA: Xander, find a new theme.
WILLOW: (worried) Did the alligator get hurt?
FAITH: Only a little. Then it was dead.
WILLOW: Oh. No...
FAITH: I never had more trouble than that damn vamp. (to Buffy) What about you? What was your toughest kill?
BUFFY: They're all tough in different ways I guess... (trying) Oh, but, do you guys remember the Three? Or, you never met the Three... But anyway --
OZ: Something occurring: you both Kill the vamps and who could argue with that, but -- (to Faith) I'm wondering about your position on werewolves.
WILLOW: (proudly) Oz is a werewolf.
BUFFY: (to Faith) Long story.
OZ: Got bit.
BUFFY: Apparently not that long.
FAITH: Hey, long as you don't go scratchin' at me or humpin' my leg, we're five by five.
OZ: Fair enough.
FAITH: Now the vamps, they better get their asses to defcon one, the two of us around. We're gonna have some fun you and me, watcher-less and fancy free.
BUFFY: Watcher-less?
FAITH: Didn't yours go to England, too?
GILES: ...lovely spot, very serene. They have horseback riding, river rafting, lectures and discussions. Quite an honor to be invited; they're very stimulating events. (trying not to be peevish) So I'm told...
FAITH: Ah, it's boring. Way too stuffy for a guy like you.
BUFFY: Um, maybe I should introduce you again. Faith, this is Giles.
FAITH: I seen him. If I'd a known they came this young and cute I'd've requested a transfer.
BUFFY: Okay, raise your hand if "ew."
GILES: (trying not to be flustered) Well, leaving for the moment the question of my youth and beauty, I would say it's fortuitous that Faith arrived when she did.
WILLOW: Ah-hah! (off their looks) Sorry, I just meant -- (exactly the same) -- ah-hah! There's a big evil brewing -- you'll never be bored here, Faith, 'cause this is Sunnydale, home of the big brewing evil.
GILES: I don't know how big an evil it is at this point but two people have disappeared in the Sunset Ridge district.
XANDER: Ah hah! (to Willow) Fun.
GILES: (shoots Xander a look, then:) One of them, a fast food worker, was pulled right out of his order window.
BUFFY: I'm good to patrol. Late-ish, though; I promised mom I'd be home for dinner.
BUFFY: (to Faith) To which you're invited, of course. Dinner. With us.
FAITH: Dying to meet the fam. I'm in.
BUFFY: (darn) Great. Then we'll patrol. Also together. Try to get a bead on these new vamps.
FAITH: (pumped) We'll hunt 'em down and kill 'em where they stand. Come to momma, unh!
XANDER: She doesn't make it sound like work at all.
WILLOW: (to Buffy) Don't you have a health science make-up?
BUFFY: Yeah, I could use a little coaching
WILLOW: (to Faith, ignoring Buffy) You can hang with us while she's testing. You wanta?
XANDER: (to Faith) Say yes and bring your stories.
BUFFY: Yeah, you guys run along, I'll be fine, really, I'll just sit here...
FAITH: Okay, have fun. (to Giles) Later on. We'll talk weapons.
GILES: This new girl has rather a lot of zest. (off Buffy's look) Oh, I had a little problem with the binding spell for Acathla -- in fact I wound up with a face full of Marnox root. I seem to be lacking the requisite details to perform it correctly. The physical location -- Acathla was facing south...
BUFFY: Yeah. (pointing and demonstrating) Acathla. Angel. Me. (mimes stabbing) Sword.
GILES: That's what I thought, but I wonder --
BUFFY: Giles, I've got make-up tests to pass, missing folks in Sunset Ridge, a zesty new slayer to feed... next time I kill Angel I'll video it, okay?
WILLOW: And here we have the cafeteria, where we were mauled by snakes...
XANDER: This is the spot where Angel tried to kill Willow.
WILLOW: Over there in the lounge is where Spike and his gang nearly massacred us all on parent-teacher night. Oh, and up those stairs, I was sucked into a muddy grave...
XANDER: They say young people don't learn anything in high school nowadays but, I've learned to be afraid.
FAITH: You guys are a hoot 'n a half. If I'd had friends like you in high school, I'd've still dropped out but I mighta been sad about it. (beat) What's up with B? She seems wound kinda tight -- needs to find the fun a little, like you two. Water. (heads for fountain)
XANDER: Then the alligator story!
XANDER: She's got something, doesn't she?
CORDELIA: (startling him) What is it with you and slayers? Maybe I should dress up like one and hold a stake to your throat.
XANDER: Please, God, don't let that be sarcasm.
SCOTT: Excuse me.
FAITH: Sorry. Hey, I seen you before.
SCOTT: At the Bronze? You're friends with Buffy, right?
FAITH: Yeah. I'm Faith.
SCOTT: Scott, nice to meet you.
BUFFY: I'm two for two with the make-up tests. Proud, yes, but also humble in this time of -- (re: they're looking elsewhere) What are we looking at?
CORDELIA: (re: Faith) Does anyone believe that's her actual hair color?
WILLOW: Boy I haven't seen him laugh like that... maybe Faith and Scott could hit it off. I mean, if you're done with him -- not that you used him or anything.
BUFFY: I hadn't definitely, one hundred per cent said no to him for all time... it's just, you don't enter into these things lightly, there's repercussions to consider and...
BUFFY: Why am I seeing a look?
WILLOW: You really do need to find the fun a little, "B"... (off Buffy's look) ...uffy.
SCOTT: (spots:) Buffy, Faith is telling me tall tales.
BUFFY: She's funny. And leaving. (to Faith) We have to go.
SCOTT: (thinking it's him) Oh. (to Faith) Nice talking to you.
FAITH: Likewise. (as they move off) Cute guy. He seeing anybody?
KAKISTOS: Mister Trick...
KAKISTOS: Talk to me.
TRICK: Check it out. This town -- this very street -- wired for fiber optics. We jack in a T-3, 2500 megs per, we got the whole world at our fingertips. (waves away vamp with incense censer) Theo, allergies. (to Kakistos) What I'm sayin' is, we stay local -- where the humans are jumpin' and the cotton is high -- but we live global: you got a hankering for the blood of a fifteen year old Filipina? I'm on the net, she's here the next day, express air.
KAKISTOS: I want the blood of the Slayer.
TRICK: On that front, good news and bad -- rumor is this town already has a slayer, which makes two, I'm not sure how that happens --
KAKISTOS: (furious) I don't care if there's a hundred slayers!!
KAKISTOS: I'll kill them all! SHE'S GOING TO PAY FOR WHAT SHE DID TO ME!
TRICK: Yes she is. I'm running a computer check on every hotel, rooming house and youth hostel in town.
TRICK: Meanwhile, soon as the sun's down -- (re: vamps) -- we're out in force.
GUY: You guys order a --
JOYCE: So you're a slayer, too.
JOYCE: Isn't that interesting. Do you like it?
FAITH: I love it.
BUFFY: (gestures with her own empty plate) Mom...
JOYCE: Just a sec, honey. (to Faith) Buffy never talks that way, why do you love it?
FAITH: When I'm fighting, the whole world goes away and I only know one thing: I'm gonna win and they're gonna lose. I like that feeling.
BUFFY: Well sure, it's better than that dead feeling you get when they win and you lose.
FAITH: I don't let that kind of negative thinking in.
JOYCE: Right, right, that could get you hurt. Buffy can be awfully negative sometimes. (turns to Buffy) See, honey, you gotta fight that.
BUFFY: I'm trying.
JOYCE: Faith, can I get you another soft drink?
FAITH: You bet, thanks.
FAITH: She's cool.
BUFFY: Best mom ever. Excuse me.
JOYCE: I like this girl, Buffy.
BUFFY: Yeah, she's personable. Gets along with my friends, my watcher, my mom -- look! Now she's getting along with my fries!
JOYCE: Now, Buffy --
BUFFY: Plus, in school today, she was making eyes at MY not-boyfriend. It's creepy.
JOYCE: Does anybody else think Faith is creepy?
BUFFY: No, but I'm the one getting Single White Femaled here.
JOYCE: It's probably good you were an only child.
BUFFY: Hey, I... Mom, I'm just getting my life back. I'm not looking to go halfsies on it.
JOYCE: Well, there are some things I'd be happy to see you share. Like the Slaying. Two of you fighting is safer than one, right?
BUFFY: Yeah, I guess...
JOYCE: Unless -- you heard her, she loves the slaying, couldn't she take over for you?
BUFFY: No one can take over for me, Mom.
JOYCE: But next year you'll be in college, I don't see why --
BUFFY: The only way you get a new slayer is when the old one dies.
JOYCE: That means you... when did you die, you never told me you died!
BUFFY: ...it was just for a few minutes.
JOYCE: I hate this, I hate your life.
BUFFY: Mom...
JOYCE: I know you didn't choose this, I know it chose you... I've tried to march in the slayer-pride parade but... (weakly) I don't want you to die.
BUFFY: It's okay, I'm not going to die. I know how to do this job. Besides, like you said, I've got help now.
BUFFY: I've got all the help I can stand.
FAITH: Didn't we already do this street?
BUFFY: Weird thing about vampires, they'll hit a place even after you've been there. It's like they have no manners.
FAITH: (shrugs) You're the one who's been doing this the longest.
BUFFY: I have.
FAITH: ...maybe too long...
BUFFY: What's that supposed to mean?
FAITH: Nothing.
BUFFY: You got a problem?
FAITH: I'm five by five, B. Living entirely large and wondering 'bout your problem.
BUFFY: I may not sleep in the nude and wrestle alligators --
FAITH: Well maybe it's time you started. Something in your bottle needs uncorking. Is it this Angel thing?
BUFFY: What do you know about Angel?
FAITH: What your friends tell me: big love, big loss, you oughta deal and move on but you're not.
BUFFY: I got an idea: how 'bout from now on we don't hear from you on Angel or anything else in my life. Which by the way, is my life.
FAITH: What are you getting so strung out for, B?
BUFFY: Why are your lips still moving, "F"?
FAITH: Did I just hear a threat?
BUFFY: Would you like to?
FAITH: (beat) Wow. Think you can take me?
BUFFY: Yeah -- (sees something O.S.) I just hope they can't.
FAITH: Come on! My dead mother hits harder than that!
FAITH: YEAH, THIS IS ME, YOU UNDEAD BASTARD!
BUFFY: Faith! You want to stake him already and give me a hand?
BUFFY: FAITH!
FAITH: You... can't... touch... me...!
BUFFY: What is wrong with you?
FAITH: What are you talking about?
BUFFY: I'm talking about you living large on the great undead here.
FAITH: Gee, if doing violence to vampires upsets you, I'm pretty sure you're in the wrong line a work...
BUFFY: Or maybe you like it just a little too much.
FAITH: I was getting the job done.
BUFFY: The job is to slay demons. Not mash them into sloppy joes while their friends are cornering me.
FAITH: I thought you could handle yourself.
GILES: Well, Buffy, you have to realize you and Faith have very different temperaments...
BUFFY: I know, mine would be the sane one. Giles, she's not playing with a full deck. She has almost no deck. She has a three.
GILES: You said yourself she killed one of them, she's a plucky fighter who got a little carried away. Which is natural, she's focussed on Slaying, she doesn't have a whole other life here like you --
BUFFY: -- she doesn't need a whole other life here, she's got mine.
GILES: I think you're being a little...
BUFFY: No, I'm being a lot. I know that. But I'm telling you, she nearly got us both killed, she needs help.
GILES: I'll see if I can get word to her watcher at the retreat... (checks watch) Eight hours later, they're probably enjoying a nightcap... I wonder if they still kayak. I was an excellent kayaker in my day, do they even consider that...? (off her look) Sorry. Now these vampires that attacked you, did you notice any details that might help me trace their lineage: modern or ancient dress, amulets, cultish tattoos...?
BUFFY: No tats, crappy dressers, oh, the one who nearly bit me said something about... kissing toast, he lived for kissing toast.
GILES: (alarmed) You mean Kakistos?
BUFFY: (still thinking) Or, it could have been taquitos, maybe he lived for taquitos... what'd you say?
GILES: Kakistos.
BUFFY: Is that bad?
GILES: Kakistos is Greek, it means the worst of the worst. It's also the name of a vampire, so old his hands and feet are cloven. He must be here for some reason.
BUFFY: This guy shows up when, two days ago? Right around the time my bestest new little sister makes the scene.
GILES: You think Faith is connected to Kakistos somehow?
BUFFY: There's two things I do not believe in. Coincidence and leprechauns.
GILES: Buffy, it's entirely possible they happened by chance to arrive simultaneously.
BUFFY: Okay, but I'm right about leprechauns, right?
GILES: As far as I know.
BUFFY: Good. Get England on the phone. I'm gonna talk to Faith. See if Kakistos rings a bell. Or an alarm.
SCOTT: Hi.
BUFFY: Scott ...
SCOTT: How are you?
BUFFY: Okay. I've gotta...
SCOTT: I know, be somewhere else. Think of this as my last ditch effort, I realize one more will qualify as stalking. (beat) I've given a lot of thought, some might say too much thought, to how I might be a part of your life. It begins with conversation, we all know this. Maybe over a cup of coffee, maybe at the Buster Keaton festival -- playing on State Street all this weekend...
BUFFY: Looking back now I see I haven't really been fair to... Buster Keaton. I like what I've seen of him so far, I think it's time to see a little more.
SCOTT: (success at last) Keaton is key.
SCOTT: (pulling out a small white box) I got you a little present, guy in a retro shop said it represents friendship -- that's something I'd very much like to have with you.
BUFFY: I can't... I can't do this...
SCOTT: Okay, I get the message.
GILES: Are you all right?
BUFFY: Yeah. I'm fine. Did you reach the retreat?
GILES: I did.
BUFFY: What'd her watcher say?
GILES: Her watcher is dead.
MANAGER: Room's eighteen dollars a day, that's every day.
FAITH: I know. I'll get it to you tomorrow, I swear.
MANAGER: It's not like I own the place.
FAITH: (sexy) Bet you will some day.
MANAGER: Not if I listen to broads like you.
MANAGER: Roommates are extra.
BUFFY: Just visiting.
FAITH: What brings you to the po' side of town?
BUFFY: Cloven guy, goes by the name of Kakistos.
FAITH: ...what do you know about Kakistos?
BUFFY: That he's here.
BUFFY: So we're not happy to see old friends. What'd he do to you?
FAITH: It's what I did to him...
BUFFY: What would that be? (nothing from Faith) You came here for a reason, Faith, I can help --
FAITH: You can mind your own business. I'm the one can handle this.
BUFFY: Yeah, you're a real badass when it comes to packing. What'd you say about my problem, gotta deal and move on...?
BUFFY: Here we have the moving on part, I get that -- and dealing, that's something you just gonna dump on my doorstep?
FAITH: You don't know me, you don't know what I've been through. I'll take care of it.
BUFFY: Like you took care or your watcher?
BUFFY: He killed her, didn't he.
FAITH: They don't have a word for what he did to her.
FAITH: What now...
BUFFY: Faith, you run, he runs after.
FAITH: Yeah, that's where the head start comes in so handy.
KAKISTOS: Faith...
FAITH: No... no...
BUFFY: It's okay, I just bought us a little --
BUFFY: -- time.
BUFFY: Scream later, escape now.
BUFFY: Go!
BUFFY: We're okay.
BUFFY: What happened?
FAITH: I... (starts to cry)
BUFFY: It's okay.
FAITH: I was there when he killed my watcher. I saw what he did to her, what he was going to do to me... I tried to stop him, but I couldn't... I ran...
BUFFY: Faith, listen to me. First rule of slaying: don't die. You did the right thing, you didn't die. Now do the math: one of him, two of us...
FAITH: (softly) No...
BUFFY: Yes.
FAITH: (terror-stricken) No...
FAITH: This is his place.
BUFFY: (realizing:) They drove us here.
BUFFY: Don't die.
TRICK: I believe this dance is mine.
BUFFY: The music stopped.
TRICK: But the beat goes on. Gimmie whatchya got.
TRICK: Spirited girl. We don't do something, she just might kill him.
TRICK: I don't think I have a problem with that. Incense, candles, missing the Bulls games 'cause he's too cheap to pop for cable -- who's had enough here?
KAKISTOS: Guess you need a bigger stake, slayer.
BUFFY: You hungry?
FAITH: Starved.
GILES: The Council approved our request, Faith can stay here indefinitely, I'm to look after you both until they assign a new watcher.
BUFFY: Good. She came through, you know. She had a lot to deal with, but she did it. Got it behind her.
GILES: That's good to hear.
BUFFY: Angel was cured.
GILES: I'm sorry?
BUFFY: When I killed him, Angel was... cured. Your spell worked, Willow. Last minute. I was about to take him out and something went through him and then he was... Angel again. He didn't remember anything he'd done, he just held me, and... (this is tough) ... but it was, it was too late and I had to... I kissed him, and I told him that I loved him. And I killed him.
BUFFY: I don't know if that helps with your spell or not, Giles.
GILES: I believe it will.
WILLOW: I'm sorry...
BUFFY: It's okay. I guess I been holding onto that. It's actually kinda good to get it out. (picks up her books) I'll see you guys later.
WILLOW: Giles? I know you don't like me playing with the mystical forces, but I really could help with the binding spell.
GILES: There is no spell.
BUFFY: Hi.
SCOTT: Hello.
BUFFY: So I was just... waiting here for you to get out of your class.
SCOTT: Why?
BUFFY: I'm really sorry about going mental on you... there was someone a while ago and the ring sort of confused me but... I liked what you said about friendship, I liked it a lot. Also, Buster Keaton, big fun. And I'm capable of the big fun even though there's no earthly way you could possibly know that about me lately. Wow, if I'd known I was going to go on this long I'd have brought water. So, if you were still up for the film festival -- and I'd understand if you weren't -- I'd pretty much love to go with you.
SCOTT: I don't know, Buffy, I'm really gonna have to think this over.
SCOTT: Okay, thought it over. I'm in. When do you want to go?
BUFFY: (smiles, then:) I have one thing I have to do tonight, after that I'm good.
SCOTT: Good.
BUFFY: Goodbye.