I'm giddy.
It's the freedom! As Seniors we can go off campus now for lunch. It's no longer cutting, it's legal. Heck, it's expected. But also a big step forward, a Senior Moment...
...one that has to be savored fully before -- ooo!
I can't.
But... what if they changed the rule without telling? What if they're laying in wait just so they can arrest me and put me in detention and mar my unblemished record?
Okay. You can put me down. (they do; she links her arm through Oz's) Better now. Wow. We're seniors. Hey, we're walkin' here! (then:) Maybe we shouldn't be too couply around Buffy.
I know they'll let you back in.
(to Buffy) Scott Hope at eleven o'clock. (as Buffy looks) He likes you, he wanted to ask you out last year, you weren't ready then but I think you're ready now -- or at least in a state of pre-readiness that would allow you to make conversation or do that thing with your mouth chat boys like -- (sudden panic) I don't mean a bad thing with your mouth, I mean that sort of half smile that you do and -- (beat; to Oz:) You're s'posed to stop me when I do that.
Oh, I think that went very well. (to the others) Don't you think that went very well?
(to Buffy) Did you do the half smile?
Like date...
It's so great you're a school girl again.
(looks around) I don't think so, he just needed to see you. Have you ever noticed when he is mad but he's too English to say anything he makes that weird "cluck cluck" sound with his tongue --
Oh, hi. Been there long?
Ooo, a spell, can I help?
Who's more sensitive than me?
Sage, love that smell... and Marnox root. Just a smidge of this mixed with a virgin's saliva -- (off his look, drops root) -- does something I know nothing about.
Nothing much. I mean, I tried that spell to cure Angel, I guess that was a bust, but after that just, you know, small stuff. Floating feather, fire out of ice, which next time I won't do on the bedspread -- are you mad at me?
Are you... is she all a glow-y?
(sees Scott approaching) Hi, Scott, what are you doing here?
Come on, Buffy, the guy is charm, and normal which is that thing you want to get back to.
What's stopping you...?
-- that's not what making out sounds like -- unless I'm doing it wrong...
But why were you called here?
(worried) Did the alligator get hurt?
Oh. No...
(proudly) Oz is a werewolf.
Ah-hah! (off their looks) Sorry, I just meant -- (exactly the same) -- ah-hah! There's a big evil brewing -- you'll never be bored here, Faith, 'cause this is Sunnydale, home of the big brewing evil.
(to Buffy) Don't you have a health science make-up?
(to Faith, ignoring Buffy) You can hang with us while she's testing. You wanta?
And here we have the cafeteria, where we were mauled by snakes...
Over there in the lounge is where Spike and his gang nearly massacred us all on parent-teacher night. Oh, and up those stairs, I was sucked into a muddy grave...
Boy I haven't seen him laugh like that... maybe Faith and Scott could hit it off. I mean, if you're done with him -- not that you used him or anything.
You really do need to find the fun a little, "B"... (off Buffy's look) ...uffy.
I'm sorry...
Giles? I know you don't like me playing with the mystical forces, but I really could help with the binding spell.