Good morning, girls. We've just been  researching the Mayor's upcoming  Ascension.
Well, based on the supposed date,  Graduation Day, and the Mayor  being impervious to harm, I've  cross referenced...
...and I have eliminated several  possibilities. It is <u>not</u> the ritual flaying  of the demon Azorath, nor the... the- (off their looks) I don't know what's going to happen.
No, no. If nothing else, Angel's  charade succeeded in bringing  Faith's treachery into the open. And  this information about the Ascension  will prove useful; I just have to put it  together.
I was just filling Buffy in on my  progress regarding researching the  Ascension.
(very humble) Touche. My work is, after all,  <u>un</u>official, and my sources are limited.  I'm sure, however, with the resources  of the Council behind you, that you have  something to add. We're all ears.
(scornful; to Wesley) The demon Azorath.
You touched one of the demons.
These are the demons in question?
Hmm.
Oh, it says that they can infect a host --
Infect a host with "an aspect of the  demon." That's all it says. I say,  that's rather terse, isn't it?
Of course, there are many other  explanations for your hand. A new  fabric softener can cause irritation.  But just in case, I'd advise you not  to try to track the one that got away.  Let's minimize your exposure.
Buffy. Slow down. I'm not even  convinced that you're experiencing  genuine mind-reading. Most likely,  you're projecting...
I... that...
Of course. The demons are telepathic.
I... this is astounding.
It would be useful. You can anticipate  an opponent's moves, turn their plans  against them...
Well, there must be some precedent  for this sort of occurrence. I'll start  researching it. Wesley, you'll give me  a hand?
Here. It's happened before. A man in  Ecuador, quite recently.
I would say not. He can't communicate  with anyone.
No. He's in complete isolation. The  power. He can't shut it off.
Are you all right?
Buffy--
You didn't recognize the voice?
You can't.
You have to go home, Buffy. I'll  take you home.
(to Buffy) Come on.
I'm sorry, Buffy. It's hard for all of  us. But Wesley and I are looking  for a way to help.
You'll be fine. I promise.
Yes, Buffy's being driving mad, we  have no proof this will work and it  still requires the heart of the second  demon, which we have no idea how  to get without the slayer.
Berk.
You're not. Not anymore. She can't  pick one thought out of the... din.
Good morning.
How are you?
And Jonathan? How is he doing?
It's good of you to check up on him.
Well, you know, it would probably help  his self esteem if --
Good to see you've emerged from  your psychic adventure more or less  intact. Feel up to some training?