And how was your summer?  JENNY Extreme. I did Burning Man in Black Rock.  It's such a great festival -- you should have  been there. There were drum rituals, naked  mud-dances, raves, mobile sculptures, you  would have just... hated it with a fiery passion.
Yes, I can't imagine finding any redeeming  -- naked?
Buffy... I think that's enough... Buffy!
This vampire activity -- I think I  know what they're up to.  BUFFY Well, don't stress. We'll deal.  GILES I hope it's that simple.  BUFFY It is not to sweat. Trust me.   GILES I don't know. I mean, I killed you once.  It shouldn't be too difficult to do it again.  BUFFY (it stops her) What?
Possessed?  WILLOW It's the only explanation that makes  any sense. You should have seen her  last night. That wasn't Buffy.  XANDER Are we overlooking the idea that she  may just be very attracted to me? (off Willow's look) She's possessed.  GILES Possessed by what?  WILLOW (excitedly) A possessing thing!  GILES Well, that narrows it down.  XANDER You're the expert. Maybe when the  Master killed her, some mystical bad  guy transference happened.  WILLOW That's what it was. (aside, to Xander) Why else would she be acting like  such a B. I. T. C. H.?  GILES Willow, we're all a little old to be spelling things out.  XANDER (working it out) A bitkha?  GILES I suggest the explanation for her behavior  may be somewhat more mundane.
Buffy, I've never heard of a revivification  ritual being successful --  BUFFY But you've heard of them. Thanks for  the warning.  WILLOW Buffy, Giles did bury him in hallowed --  BUFFY This is Slayer stuff, okay? Can we  have less from the civilians, please?  XANDER (truly pissed) Okay, that's just about --
Well, before you throw away the key,  perhaps you'd consider giving her the  benefit of the doubt. She may surprise  you.
All right, I've got something. It's latin,  so bear with me. Um, to revive the  vampire, they need his bones, (sheepishly looks at Buffy) which they have... and, uh, the blood...  this is very unclear... of the closest  person, someone connected to the vampire.  BUFFY That'd be me.  GILES Perhaps...  BUFFY We were very close. Way close. We  killed each other, okay? It really  promotes togetherness.
It IS a trap...
Are you all right?
Buffy, you acted wrongly, I admit, but  believe me, that was hardly the worst  mistake you'll ever make. (a beat) That wasn't nearly as comforting as it  was meant to be.  BUFFY Well, points for effort. I'll see you.