(to Larry and Nancy) I've got them. Get the girl!
Her pulse is strong.
Go watch the perimeter - in case those vampires followed.
Please. You must be still-
(amazed) How did you know I was a watcher, I never --
Thought I heard something.
I want you to start again and explain everything very carefully.
Nancy?
Would you mind - could you take her body to the incinerator? I've got some business...
One moment.
(into phone/mid talk) ...yes, I understand, but it's imperative that I see her. Here. Well, when will you...? You are her watcher, I would think she'd at least check in to... Yes. I'm aware there is a great deal of demonic activity in Cleveland. It happens, you know, that Sunnydale is on a Hellmouth... it is so! (gives up) Just give her the message, if you ever see her again.
Here it is. Look.
It's what Cordelia was wearing. The symbol of Anyanka.
Anyanka raised a demon to ruin her unfaithful lover. The demon did her bidding - but then cursed her and turned her into a sort of... patron saint for scorned women. Apparently, the cry of a wronged woman is like a siren's call to Anyanka.
She grants wishes.
Well, she said something about everything being different. The world wasn't supposed to be like this. That it was... better... before. . .
I'm not sure. She said the Slayer was supposed to be here. To have been here already.
I've tried to contact her, but... (closes the book) I'm going to need to research this Anyanka further. I have some volumes at home... or, I think they're at home... I'm a little rusty with all this...
You two get some sleep.
(to the would-be victims) Run!
Buffy Summers?
Aha! Here. (paraphrases) In order to defeat Anyanka, one must destroy her powercenter. This should reverse all the wishes she has granted, rendering her mortal and powerless again. (to Buffy) You see, without her powercenter she'll be just an ordinary woman again and all this will be different. (pleased) I'd say my watcher muscles are not completely atrophied after all.
Dyeh -- Ahhum, doesn't say.
She's not a vampire.
I don't want to kill her, Miss Summers. Merely reverse whatever effect she has had on this world.
Giles.
I'm sure it's not that simple, but...
I have to believe in a better world.
Cordelia knew that I was meant to be your watcher. She said she knew you --
The Master sent his most vicious disciples to kill her. She must have posed some threat to him. He's up to something... those people being herded in vans -- I know he's behind it.
Supreme vampire in these parts. Lives on the outskirts of town, in an old club.
(deadpan) People have tried...
You can't just walk in and --
At least lets muster some kind of force --
Anyanka, I beseech thee, uh...
In the name of all women scorned - come before me!
Cordelia Chase. What did she wish for?
She's dead.
You're going to change it back.
I'm not afraid of you. Your only power lies in the wishing.
(almost to himself) Because it has to be.