I think there's too many guys in your life. (she gives him a look) I'll see what I can find out. (gazes at sky with loathing) God, every day here is the same.
(gazes at sky) Reminds me of home.
Here. Drink this.
He had no enemies on the staff that I know of. He was a civilized man.  I liked him.
What do we know?
How do you know?
(remembering) Yes. Yes he did and I wish I knew what he meant. (grabbing a text) All I could locate was an oblique reference to a vampire who displeased the Master and cut off his hand for penance.
I don't know what he replaced it with.
I'm not certain he did. There was an incident two nights ago with a  homeless man in Weatherly Park. He was practically shredded. But nothing like Dr. Gregory.
No.
We don't know it's something else. This fellow is still our likeliest suspect.
Buffy, I know you're upset. But this is not the time to go hunting. Not until we know more. Promise me you won't do anything rash.
. . . when you promised me you wouldn't.
Did you see someone with a fork?
Oh, well, at least you weren't hurt.
What was that?
Oh, she's lovely . . . (off Buffy's look) . . . in a common, extremely  well-proportioned sort of way.
Yes?
He what? Ran away?
Of Miss French.
Not many. And not substitute teachers, as a rule.
I think it would be a good idea to keep an eye on her.
I haven't found any creature just yet that strikes terror in a vampire's heart -- I'm not sure I want to.
Nothing human can do that.
What are you going to do?
She is also, by and large, woman-shaped.
If you're right, she'd have to be a shapeshifter, or perception distorter . . . (making a connection) Half a moment . . . I had a chum at Oxford, Carlyle, advanced degrees in entomology and mythology . . .
Bugs and fairy tales.
If I recall correctly, poor Carlyle, just before he went mad, claimed there was a beast --
The boy who worked with Miss French yesterday?
(nods) I just have to make one trans-Atlantic phone call. (heads for phone; stops) This computer invasion Willow's performing on the Coroner's office -- one assumes it's entirely legal?
So I wasn't here, didn't see it, couldn't have stopped you.
Young lady, I don't care what time it is, unlock his cell, unstrap him and bring him to the phone this instant. Lives are at stake!
I understand, Carlyle, I'll take every precaution . . . It sounds just like the creature you described. You were right all along, about everything. (beat) No you weren't right about your mother coming back as a Dachshund, but . . . Try to rest. Ta.
Dr. Carlyle Ferris spent years transcribing a lost, pre-Germanic language -- what he discovered he kept to himself, until several teenage boys were murdered in the Cotswalds. Then he went hunting for it.
He calls her a She-Mantis. This type of creature, the Kleptes-Virgo or virgin-thief appears in many cultures: the Greek Sirens, the Celtic Sea-maidens who tore the living flesh from the bones of --
The She-Mantis assumes the form of a beautiful woman and lures innocent virgins back to her nest.
Carlyle recommends cleaving all body parts with a sharp blade.
Whatever you do it's got to be sudden and swift -- this beast is dangerous.
Yes . . . in a straight jacket howling his innards out day and night.
Bat sonar. Right. What?
Where am I going to find --
Recording bat sonar is so soothingly like having one's teeth drilled.
She is terribly well-preserved.
What now? I mean we can't just kick down the front door.
Abject prayer and supplication spring to mind.
Buffy!
Run!
That's the wrong side!
I'd say it's deceased.
Pleasure.
Cat's out of the bag, lads. It's part of the She-Mantis M.O.