No. No, she'd take the fight outside.  My Faith doesn't like to be cooped up.
FIND THEM!
It's your day...
I will. I'll do that and worse. Murderous  little fiend, did you see what she did to  my Faith?
Well, I'd get set for some weeping if I  were you. I'd get set for a world of hurt.  Misery loves company, young man, and  I'll be looking to share mine with you  and your whore.
This is how it's going to lay out. The  transformation should begin at exactly  three-twenty-eight. I'll just be finishing  my speech -- you know it's too bad you  fellas are gonna have to miss that.  'Cause I think it speaks to every one  of us... I mean, heck - I've been working  on it for a hundred years, it better be good.  Well. They'll try to run, of course, and that's  when I need you boys in flanking position.
Not a problem.
You'll come up through the sewers here.  The important thing is containment. I'll  need to feed, it's crucial in the first few  minutes, to sustain the change. What  does that mean? No snacking! I see  blood on your lips and it's a visit to  the woodshed for your boys. Kill.  Don't feed.
Remember, fast and brutal. Gonna be  a whole new world come nightfall,  don't wanna weaken now. And boys --
Well. What a day this is. Special day.  Today is our centennial, the one hundredth  anniversary of the founding of Sunnydale.  And I know what that means to all you  kids. Not a darn thing. 'Cause today  something much more important happens.  Today you all graduate from high school.  Today all the pain and the work and the  excitement is finally over, and what's  a hundred years of history compared  to that?
But you know what, kids? Maybe the  two things are connected. Maybe you  have a place in Sunnydale's history,  whether you like it or not. It's been a  long road getting here, for you, for  Sunnydale... there's been achievement,  joy, good times... and there's been grief.  There's been loss. Some people who  should be here today, aren't.
So as we look back on...
We must all... AHH. It has begun.  My destiny. Little sooner than I expected -- (re: 3x5's) --I had a whole section about civic  pride, but...