How did you finagle such a primo assignment?
(with importance) Giles, into every generation is born one who must oversee the annual abomination known as the school talentless show. You can not escape your destiny.
Nah, I thought I'd take on <u>your</u> traditional role and just watch.
Let's leave Sir Andrew Lloyd Giles to this business he calls show.
Quickly.
Looks like we just volunteered.
Not be here bright and early comes to mind.
I had a beautiful dream that the two of you came up with something great for us to do in the show.
Well, every minute brings Giles closer to being here, so we'd better settle on something that vaguely resembles a talent.
Wow, Morgan, you're really getting good with that thing.
(patting Sid's head) Aw, you're sweet.
(trying to be polite) Okay, Morgan. We get the joke. Horny dummy -- ha ha. But you might think about getting some new schtick. Unless you want your best prop ending up as a Duraflame log.
Who found the body?
They clean this place?
Any gory details?
That deserves an ‘ick.'
Ditto.
But it's definitely of the genus supernatural.
(shaking her head) We've got to tighten our admission standards.
Still stressed about the talent show, huh?
How about we do a scene from a piece of classic theater.
Maybe we should sticketh with something American.
(suspicious) Hello...
Morgan, did you--
With Alice. Did she say anything to you? Was she arguing with anyone?
So you didn't see or hear anything at all?
Morgan, that's getting a little old. How about talking to me yourself?
I didn't mean to make you mad.
No. Morgan made it-- he had Sid turned so that he was facing me.
Yes.
It's as if he thinks Sid is alive.
(to Giles) You're going to love this.
Yeah, I figured that out when Sid tried to look up my dress.
Maybe I can turn up something in Morgan's locker: a photo of Alice, a book about Pinocchio, a fresh human heart. The usual stuff
Why are you following--
Okay, three to the right, two to the left--
Got it.
Morgan.
(gently) Morgan, it's over. We need to get you some help.
I've seen you. Whispering to your dummy when there's no one around. Pretending he's a real person. Telling Sid you'll kill for him.
He's not real. He's just wood.
Look--
He's not alive! He's a doll!
Morgan, stop that. Talk to me.
(ignoring Sid) I'm not speaking to that thing--
Morgan--
Maybe it'd be best if you just gave that to me...
Let me help you.
Don't listen to him.
Mr. Miller.
Sorry. I'm... late for class.
Really? Boy, these days just zip by, don't they?
There's probably some truth there.
It's out.
Hey, Mr. Producer. How goes the talent biz?
Then you should speak up next time.
(impatient) Uh-huh. So, anyway, there's this killer on the loose?
Nope. Not since our little mano-a-mannequin in the hallway. And I looked for him all night.
Which is exactly what he thinks Sid told him to do.
I know. He's crazy.
Okay. A girl is found mutilated in the school locker room. At the exact same time, a fiercely intelligent loner befriends a wooden dummy, who speaks with a mind of his own and instructs said loner to kill. Coincidence? Apparently so!
Or maybe suspecting him was just the easiest thing to do.
Maybe so, but... you know how people look at the three of us?
That look that says they're seeing someone who's different, not like them, and it scares them? I could live forever without seeing that again. But I think it's the exact same look we used to give Morgan. We never even gave him a chance.
Another missing heart?
So that's probably a no.
They were.
He means Sid.
All right, wait. So as of now we're ruling out any suspect who is living, breathing, body-dwelling -- let's say for argument's sake, an actual human being -- in favor of the theory that these murders, where vital organs were removed with great precision, were committed by a piece of wood.
I just wanted to make sure we're on the same page.
Not a clue.
Yeah. I've just got to find my bag. I thought it was right here. (calling over) I'll catch up.
Hello?
Mr. Miller.
Just ended.
I was looking for something.
I was just leaving.
I know.
Yeah. Thanks.
Mr. Miller?
Whoever is there, I'm going to hurt you. Badly. (then, to herself) If you'll just give me a minute.
I should have known it was you!
Ow!
My parts belong to me!
You've killed for the last time.
Yes. Quite.
I've gotten rid of vampires, evil robots, and one really big bug. I'm not exactly shaking in my hip boots at the threats of some dime-store dummy.
You know, much as I hate these moments when the good guy allows the bad guy to talk on and on in a pathetic attempt to save his own life, I've got to ask: what the hell are you talking about?
I'm sure they would have made great trophies for your case.
Yeah, except for one thing--
We know the M.O.
Boys, let's not fight.
Then those knife slashes to my face weren't just a ‘getting-to-know-you' kind of thing?
Yeah, well, I kind of played the stereotype against you, too.
No, I thought you were a lifeless piece of wood.
Let me help. With your brains and my -- being human, we could get this guy.
Hey, I've fought--
And I'm one of the few people who knows what you're going through. We've both seen evil, and we both know how to fight it.
Poor Sid. Can you imagine the kind of life he must lead?
What'er who'd?
Sid did seem a little restless.
Sid was right. We'll never see him again.
What?
Check the school nurse's file.
(reading) ‘Patient's condition is terminal.'
This means that whatever is out there still needs a healthy, intelligent brain--
--and it's going to be looking for the smartest person around.
Giles!
Ew...
Let go!
What are you doing?
Let me.
You mean dead.
(to no one in particular) It's over.
(as Blanche) What you are talking about is brutal desire -- just -- Desire! -- the name of that rattle-trap street-car that bangs through the Quarter, up one old narrow street and down another...
It brought me here, where I'm not wanted any where I'm ashamed to be.
This is how I look at it. A man like that is someone to go out with -- once -- twice -- three times when the devil is in you. But live with? Have a child by?
Then I tremble for you! -- I just -- tremble for you...
I don't know. It's just, after everything we've been through, I thought I'd hang on to him for a while. As sort of a reminder.
That I'm not the only one.