Cursed by the wretched name of Rupert Giles.
Our new Fuhrer Mr. Miller --
Mm-hmm. He thought it would behoove me to have more contact with the student. I tried to explain that my vocational choice of librarian was a deliberate attempt to minimize said contact. He would have none of it.
Might I at least look forward to your participation in this even prophesied event?
Audition forms are on the table.
(cutting her off) Okay, thank you.
(forcing a smile) Surprise me later.
Goody! (off list) Okay, last up, thank goodness, is... Morgan and Sid.
...and our first rehearsal sill be tomorrow morning.  (looking at Cordelia) Some of you might want to get here early and run through your act <u>before</u> I arrive.
I'll expect to see them here bright and early with an idea of what they want to do.
It is a cross I carry with the joy of Jesus himself.
I'll be careful.
The custodian. She was cleaning the locker room--
Every other month. (looks over notes) The girl's crossed-country coach said she never showed for last night's meet at Mehlville. The detectives surmise the murder occurred after the talent show auditions.
The goriest. Alice's heart was removed.
And it's missing.
So we're looking at a myriad of possibilities: vampires, a ritual sacrifice. Or it might be the work of any number of your garden variety creatures with a taste for humanity.
It seems to be. And it somehow managed to pass into the school undetected.
Sid was staring at you?
Staring at you.
Xander, did you wish to join our palaver?
All me to do a double-take: what?
What did he do, wave?
So in other words you saw him laying there. Perfectly still.
While there have been numerous accounts of dolls being possessed by evil spirits--
--a more likely scenario is that we're dealing with a form of schizophrenia.
Morgan's id is being represented by a vessel that allows his innermost fantasies to be revealed.
Unfortunately, Morgan may have gone one step further into the harvesting of human organs under the misguided belief that this will bring his puppet to life. The Geppeto Complex, if you will.
It is fun, isn't it? (then) Perhaps some of your talent show castmates have information which might help us prove our theory.
Here's the rundown for the show. We'll have our final rehearsal this evening, then raise the curtain tomorrow night at eight.
You know, a few days ago, I would have rather bathed with a Gila monster than taken on this task.
But it's become refreshing. You and I deal with so much darkness and death. The stage is an escape. It's like another world.
A world where divas have replaced the undead.
Cordelia, there's no ‘I' in ‘talent show.'
It's all about pacing. You need a passionate come-down after the jugglers and an emotional hand-off to the pit bull. Otherwise it's just bananas on bananas.
(whatever it takes) All right.
Yes, of course. Any sign of him... er, them? Morgan?
I'm afraid he may have been out hunting for his next victim.
Well, this is most gruesome.
No, a brain. Morgan's skull was severed.
I tried to get as much information about that as I could. But when I asked the authorities if they found a puppet near the body, they quite rudely asked me to leave.
Which is odd. Because I was under the impression that Morgan and Sid were inseparable.
I never thought I'd say these words, but Xander may be right.
The dummy has a mind of its own.
Sid hopes to become human, so he's harvesting body parts -- the best one's available. Morgan was the smartest kid in school, and Alice's heart would have been most healthy.
That's one way to put it.
That's correct.
Delightful. If I could just have everyone's attention before we break for the night.
Therefore, when you take to the stage, let us not forget that we perform in memory of our friend Morgan.
Her, too. Very well, then. Until tomorrow.
A humanoid demon.
How did you know?
I must say, it's a delightful change to have someone else around who can explain these matters.
Ah, and then the curse will be lifted and you will be free...
(admiringly) With quite a grasp regarding the intricacies of the supernatural.
Traveling from town to town in his obsessive search for an elusive prey.
I will say that in the cases I've studies, most dolls are possessed by evil, not good, spirits.
Well, all.
He certainly left in a hurry.
Fifteen minutes to curtain, everyone. Fifteen minutes. Set your props and we'll assemble in the band room for a power circle.
(handing her his handkerchief) Here. Use this.
Cordelia, there's an adage that, if you're nervous, just imagine your audience in their skivvies.
You decide.
Elliot, I warned you about the dangers of prop humor.
...And then, if you calibrate this unit as a counterweight, the rate of descent will be maximized on impact.
Oh, my...
Actually, it looks quite excruciating.
(examining guillotine) How does this work, exactly?
And there's no one else to assist you?
(confused) Face up?
Shouldn't it be aimed at my neck?
Well, what exactly is the trick?
Get me out of this thing!
Mario has it.
(to Willow) Hurry, now. Hurry!
Well...
In any case, good show.
We had some... technical difficulties.
It's showtime.