Well, it's the team's choice. It was their victory.
Jealous?
Hey, all I know is, my cheerleading squad's wasted a lot of pep on losers. it's about time our school excelled at something.
Xander, I know you take pride in being the voice of the common wuss, but the truth is certain people are entitled to special privileges. They're called winners. That's the way the world works.
(rolling her eyes) Propaganda spouted by the ugly and less deserving.
Disgusting mole and a stupid hat.
Kept slaves. (a challenge) Got any more?
(losing patience) O-kay!
I'm doing the best I can.
Go ahead, say it. You ran like a woman.
God, this is so sad. We're never going to win one State  Championship now. (an anguished insight) I think I've lost the will to cheerlead.
Well, you could go out in the parking lot and practice running like a man.
He spit it out? I thought Angel liked blood.
And the winning streak.
Zippo. We couldn't find any sea demons that match the description that Xander gave us. Not that Chicken Little was much of a witness. (then) Oh, my.
Xander? What the hell are you doing?!
Get out of here before somebody sees you impersonating a swim team member.
Really?
I'm dating a swimmer on the  Sunnydale swim team.
You you you. What about me? It's one thing to date a lame unpopular guy. It's another thing to date the Creature From the Blue Lagoon.
No one. Willow and Giles must've rounded up the rest of the swim team.
Of course it's scaly, the way you keep rubbing it dry like an idiot.
(not looking) So... Any gills yet?
Xander, what are you--
Xander?
Oh, my god... Xander... Xander. It's me. Cordelia. I-- I know you can't answer me, but... this is my fault. You joined the swim team to impress me. You were so courageous and you looked really hot in those Speedos.
I want you to know I still care for you, no matter what you look like. We can still date -- or not date, but... I mean, I'll understand if you want to see other fish... And I'll try to make your quality of life the best it can be, whether you need little bath toys or whatever...
Oh, I think we can safely say we found Sean. He was in the pool, skinless-dipping.
(to Xander) I just want you to know that you've really proven yourself to me. And next year, you don't have to join the new team if you don't want.
I'd be just as happy if you played football.