I think it's festive. A party with nature.
You're forgetting our high mortality rate.
Okay, really good pie charts, guys. Good, good, good.
Gage, your pie chart... It's looking a lot like solitaire... (looking closer) with naked ladies on the cards.
No point.
Well, actually --
Oh, sure. I like teaching.
(not getting the segue) Uh, yeah, okay...
Oh, good, then you know. Well, besides the behavior problem, he won't do homework, his test scores are, well, actually he doesn't have any test scores since he never shows up when we have--
Yes. I mean, no. I mean, I'm just trying to grade fairly.
You're asking me to change his grade.
Exactly. Except for the actually telling me to. But he made it perfectly clear what he wasn't telling me.
Actually it was Jefferson.
Dodd McAlvy's remains.
Like an Oreo cookie.
Except, you know, without the chocolatey cookie goodness.
So, we're looking for a beastie.
Buffy was right. According to the statistics, Dodd and Cameron were  the best swimmers on the team.
Oo...
Jonathon! He was bullied by Dodd on the beach, remember?
Really? Me? (into it) I'll crack him like an egg.
So, you tried out for the swim team twice and never made it?
You resented it, didn't you?
You hated being pushed around by  Dodd and the others.
You wanted revenge, didn't you? Didn't you?!
So you delved into the black arts  and conjured up a hellbeast from  the ocean's depths to wreak your vengeance.
(weakly) Didn't you?
(disappointed) Oh. (then, disgusted) Ew.
You think his eyes were too big for his stomach?
That would explain all their behavioral changes.
Maybe whatever is in their blood is what's attracting this creature to them!
Xander?
Like when you're nude. I meant to say 'changing.'
No, he just, uh... he sort of peed in the pool.
(reading) "Dodd McAlvy... torn tendon. Gage Petronzi... fractured wrist... depression, headaches... "
All symptomatic of steroid abuse.
There must be something else in the mix. The point is, the boys were obviously drugged.
If steroids are that dangerous, why would they do that to themselves?
(vehemently) Let's throw the book at her! (off looks) Or, a book...
(to Buffy) What about you?
Whoa.
I'll have a little talk with Nurse Greenliegh.
The trick is not to leave any marks.
Everyone's accounted for, except Sean.
She hasn't come back yet.
Giles seems pretty confident that the treatments are going to work.
Does that mean we have to hunt them again?