S'okay, I got it. You're Buffy, right?
I'm Faith.
(re: stake) Can I borrow that?
Thanks, B. Couldn't a done it without ya'.
-- it was about a hundred and eighteen degrees, I'm sleepin' without a stitch on, suddenly I hear all this screamin'. I go tearin' outside -- stark nude -- this church bus has broke down and three vamps are feasting on half the Baptists in South Boston. So I waste the vamps and the preacher is hugging me like there's no tomorrow when the cops pull up. They arrested us both.
God, I could eat a horse! (to Buffy) Isn't it crazy? Slayin' always makes you just hungry and horny.
I wasn't. My watcher went to some retreat thing in England, so I skipped out. I thought, this is my big chance to meet the infamous Buff and compare notes -- So B, did you really use a rocket launcher one time?
Oh, this big daddy vampire out of Missouri kept 'em as pets. He's got me rasslin' one of 'em, must of been twelve feet long --
(smiles) Well, the alligator was...
Only a little. Then it was dead.
I never had more trouble than that damn vamp. (to Buffy) What about you? What was your toughest kill?
Hey, long as you don't go scratchin' at me or humpin' my leg, we're five by five.
Now the vamps, they better get their asses to defcon one, the two of us around. We're gonna have some fun you and me, watcher-less and fancy free.
Didn't yours go to England, too?
Ah, it's boring. Way too stuffy for a guy like you.
I seen him. If I'd a known they came this young and cute I'd've requested a transfer.
Dying to meet the fam. I'm in.
(pumped) We'll hunt 'em down and kill 'em where they stand. Come to momma, unh!
Okay, have fun. (to Giles) Later on. We'll talk weapons.
You guys are a hoot 'n a half. If I'd had friends like you in high school, I'd've still dropped out but I mighta been sad about it. (beat) What's up with B? She seems wound kinda tight -- needs to find the fun a little, like you two. Water. (heads for fountain)
Sorry. Hey, I seen you before.
Yeah. I'm Faith.
Likewise. (as they move off) Cute guy. He seeing anybody?
I love it.
When I'm fighting, the whole world goes away and I only know one thing: I'm gonna win and they're gonna lose. I like that feeling.
I don't let that kind of negative thinking in.
You bet, thanks.
She's cool.
Didn't we already do this street?
(shrugs) You're the one who's been doing this the longest.
...maybe too long...
Nothing.
I'm five by five, B. Living entirely large and wondering 'bout your problem.
Well maybe it's time you started. Something in your bottle needs uncorking. Is it this Angel thing?
What your friends tell me: big love, big loss, you oughta deal and move on but you're not.
What are you getting so strung out for, B?
Did I just hear a threat?
(beat) Wow. Think you can take me?
Come on! My dead mother hits harder than that!
YEAH, THIS IS ME, YOU UNDEAD BASTARD!
You... can't... touch... me...!
What are you talking about?
Gee, if doing violence to vampires upsets you, I'm pretty sure you're in the wrong line a work...
I was getting the job done.
I thought you could handle yourself.
I know. I'll get it to you tomorrow, I swear.
(sexy) Bet you will some day.
What brings you to the po' side of town?
...what do you know about Kakistos?
It's what I did to him...
You can mind your own business. I'm the one can handle this.
You don't know me, you don't know what I've been through. I'll take care of it.
They don't have a word for what he did to her.
What now...
Yeah, that's where the head start comes in so handy.
No... no...
I... (starts to cry)
I was there when he killed my watcher. I saw what he did to her, what he was going to do to me... I tried to stop him, but I couldn't... I ran...
(softly) No...
(terror-stricken) No...
This is his place.
Starved.