Buffy, good timing, I can use your help. I trust you remember the demon Acathla --
Oh, ahhh. Sorry. Of course it's wonderful that you're back. That goes without saying. But you... enjoy making me say it, don't you?
We need to make sure he remains dormant, and the dimensional vortex stays well shut. So I'm working on a binding spell.
Possibly with the research. It's a very sensitive --
-- and difficult spell. (to Buffy) It involves creating a protective circle around... I don't want to bore you, but there's a litany that one recites in Aramaic. It's very specific, and I need to know a few things about your experience in defeating Acathla and Angel.
I've put the time at around 6:17, about half an hour after Xander rescued me...
And was the vortex already open?
I see. And Angel...?
Yes. Well that should be helpful.
These forces aren't something one plays around with, Willow. What have you been conjuring?
Of course not. If I were angry I believe I would be making a strange clucking sound with my tongue.
...lovely spot, very serene. They have horseback riding, river rafting, lectures and discussions. Quite an honor to be invited; they're very stimulating events. (trying not to be peevish) So I'm told...
(trying not to be flustered) Well, leaving for the moment the question of my youth and beauty, I would say it's fortuitous that Faith arrived when she did.
I don't know how big an evil it is at this point but two people have disappeared in the Sunset Ridge district.
(shoots Xander a look, then:) One of them, a fast food worker, was pulled right out of his order window.
This new girl has rather a lot of zest. (off Buffy's look) Oh, I had a little problem with the binding spell for Acathla -- in fact I wound up with a face full of Marnox root. I seem to be lacking the requisite details to perform it correctly. The physical location -- Acathla was facing south...
That's what I thought, but I wonder --
Well, Buffy, you have to realize you and Faith have very different temperaments...
You said yourself she killed one of them, she's a plucky fighter who got a little carried away. Which is natural, she's focussed on Slaying, she doesn't have a whole other life here like you --
I think you're being a little...
I'll see if I can get word to her watcher at the retreat... (checks watch) Eight hours later, they're probably enjoying a nightcap... I wonder if they still kayak. I was an excellent kayaker in my day, do they even consider that...? (off her look) Sorry. Now these vampires that attacked you, did you notice any details that might help me trace their lineage: modern or ancient dress, amulets, cultish tattoos...?
(alarmed) You mean Kakistos?
Kakistos.
Kakistos is Greek, it means the worst of the worst. It's also the name of a vampire, so old his hands and feet are cloven. He must be here for some reason.
You think Faith is connected to Kakistos somehow?
Buffy, it's entirely possible they happened by chance to arrive simultaneously.
As far as I know.
Are you all right?
I did.
Her watcher is dead.
The Council approved our request, Faith can stay here indefinitely, I'm to look after you both until they assign a new watcher.
That's good to hear.
I'm sorry?
I believe it will.
There is no spell.