Buffy. Might I have a word with you?
Good, well -
Miss Calendar.
Me? I'll be fine. I'm more concerned  about you, actually. (then) Ever since Angel… turned - I've been  reading up on his earlier activities.  Learning more about his habits, feeding  patterns, the like…
There's a disturbing trend. Around  Valentine's Day he's prone to rather  brutal displays of… what he would  think of as affection, I suppose.
No - no need to go into detail.
Suffice to say it would be best if you  stayed off the streets for a few nights.  I can patrol. Keep my eye on things.  Better safe than sorry.
Where did this come from?
Of course - you're right. Sit down.
Ah, here's another. Valentine's  Day, yes, Angel nails a puppy to -
But -
Right. Let me get the next batch.
Xander. What is it?
What? Why?
(to Xander) I can't believe you'd be fool enough to  do something like this.
Has Amy tried to reverse the spell?
Do you have any idea how serious this  is? People under the influence of love  spells are deadly, Xander. They lose  all capacity to reason. And if what you  say is true, and the whole female population  is affected… (then) <u>Don't</u> leave this library. I'll find Amy.  See if we can stop this thing.
Good Lord, what was that -
Where is she?
Oh my God.
We have to trap the Buffy-rat.
Xander. Where did Buffy go?
I don't see her. (to Xander) If anything happens to her, I'll… Just  - go home. Lock yourself away. You're  only going to cause more problems  here. Amy, Jenny and I will work on  breaking the spells. (to Oz) Oz - if you could aid us in finding Buffy…
Go. Get out of my sight.
You must have botched the ritual so  that Cordelia's necklace <b>protected</b>  her from the spell. That one should  be reversible. But where did you  learn animal transformation?
Instead of making me ill why doesn't  one of you try to help?
I know it isn't love. It's obsession -  selfish, banal obsession. Xander has  put himself in danger and if you  really cared about him you'd help  me save him instead of nattering  on about your feelings. Now let's  get to work. Jenny -
Damn…
Right. You go first.
"Diana, Goddess of love, be gone.  Hear no more your siren's song!"