I think it's nice he's not just being an  animal.
Have you dropped any hints?
He'll come around. What guy could resist your wily, Willow charms?
Well, none of them know a thing.  They all get an 'F' in Willow.
I wish you wouldn't.
I'm holding. (looks at watch) I was going on close to two minutes there without thinking about Angel.
But I'd be holding better if you and  Xander and I could do that 'sharing our misery' thing tonight.
Me-ow!
Well deserved.
And you're sure it was a werewolf?
What's the word on the street?
That falls into the 'that's a switch' column.
Looks like Giles has some schoolin' to do.
He needs to get a pet.
Here's a suggestion: move away from  the Hellmouth.
(to Larry) Yeah. And I'm one of the few.
Spoil my fun.
Unh! Mnh!
In other words, your typical male.
I didn't jump. I took a tiny step. And there conclusions were.
So tonight we bring 'em back alive.
Yes. And you won't believe it! Lisa  Hamm is over there making out with  Tim Bushway! But <u>he's</u> dating Mandy  Donaldson. If she ever finds out- (off Giles' look) Nothing. Not a werewolf in sight. You?
(how old <u>are</u> you?) Giles? No one's seen anything.
Giles…!
You know, before we get all chummy, could we do something about this 'me being in a net' thing?
I could have done without the poking.
It's not what you think, repulsive brain. (off Cain's look) We're hunting a werewolf.
(hedging) As of today?
You're just going to kill it?
And it doesn't bother you just a smidge that werewolves are people 28 days out of the month?
You looking for a party?
(covering) Wish we could help you, but-
I think I know where to look. We just  have to make it there before Mein Furrier.
How could a werewolf resist Sunnydale's own House o' Hormones?
I didn't let it do anything. I had the  chain around its neck-
I was trying to lock it up.
(to herself) I live with that every day.
Giles?
(relieved) Oh. I didn't see you in there. (gets in car) I thought something had happened.
No. I'm guessing you didn't see much, either, from that vantage point of having  your eyes closed.
Shh.
I can't believe I let that thing get away. Cain was right. I should have killed it  when I had the chance!
But the werewolf got someone. Theresa.
And the worst part is, I could have stopped it.
Oh, yeah. And I'm planning on giving  little wolfie something to howl about.
You said you didn't remember anything about that.
You know, he was a little overly gleeful  at the thought of tormenting Theresa.
Where are we going?
Me and the werewolf, three minutes,  alone in a cage. That's all I ask.
So, what's the scuttle-butt? Anybody  besides Larry fit the werewolf profile?
Okay, most of those weren't my fault.  The other guy started it. I was just standing  up for myself.
One, two, three…
I noticed you're looking solo.
I'm sorry.
Welcome to the mystery that is men. I  think what happens is they grow body hair, they lose the ability to talk about  what they really want.
Seems to me you and Oz have some kind of synapse problem. So if you want to  get anywhere with him, you've got to make the first move.
I think your reputation'll remain intact.
Yeah, those were the days.
How'd it go with Larry?
I think it's supposed to mean, 'How'd it go with Larry?'
Sorry. I was just wondering-
Okay.
So there goes our lead suspect.
Tell that to Theresa. She could have  used some defending before she was  ripped apart by that…
None of the reports said anything about Theresa being mauled. But it was linked to the animal attacks from the other night, so we just assumed werewolf.
Yeah. Instead of not protecting Theresa from a werewolf I was able to not  protect her from something just as bad.
This isn't happening…
He's going to keep coming after me. Until…
Xander-
I should probably go do it.
Sorry I'm late. Had to do some unscheduled slaying in the form of Theresa.
Was. Angel sent her to me. A little token of his affection.
Not now, Giles. We'll all have  ourselves a good cry after we've  bagged us a werewolf.
One question: how exactly do we find this thing?
What's Oz?
Where is he now?
Willow, it'll be okay. We're going to take care of everything.
Don't worry. We won't hurt him.
You know, Mr. Cain, I've been sick  of you since the moment before I met  you. And I've been waiting for just the  right opportunity to take you on. But  then I realized: a big, strong man  versus a girl like me?
I'm sure it's weird for him, too, now that we know so much.
Hey, he's still a human being. Most of the time.
Oz. Who are <u>you</u> talking about?
(to Xander) What did you do?
That was weird.
All I mean was he didn't try to look  up my dress.
Weirdness abounds lately. Maybe it's  the moon. It does stuff to people.
And it's sure going to put a strain on Willow and Oz's relationship.
I don't know. I see Oz as the loyal type.
Xander?