But what could she possibly see in him?
I just don't trust Oz with her. He's a  senior, he's attractive. Okay, not to me,  but… Oh, and he's in a band. We all  know what element that kind attracts.
(point proven) Thank you!
I'm not running away.
I do not babble. I occasionally run-on. And every now and then I yammer-
Did you hear that?
I thought I heard something.
Hunh…
Get us out of here!
We should be moving! Let's go!
Let's see: six feet tall, claws, big ol' snout  right in the middle of a face like a wolf.  Yeah, I'm sticking with my first guess.
Oh, and there was that little thing where it tried to bite us.
I know…
Unless our werewolf is still using  last year's almanac.
Would you look at that? He's all  over her! (whispers over) Hey, buddy, you're in a public  forum here!
What happened to you?
Be gentle with me.
(innocently) Okay, who wants a piece of me?
Why…?
Yet, ironically, also led to the invention of the moon pie.
On behalf of my gender: hey!
(looks at watch) And whoever it is will be changing at any moment.
So, then. I'm guessing your  standard-issue silver bullets are in  order here.
But while we hang out here doing nothing,  there's a human werewolf walking around out there, probably making fun of us.
Sure there is. Giles knows stuff. And I'm  practically an expert on this subject.
(to Oz) I know what it's like to crave the taste of freshly killed meat. To be taken over by  these uncontrollable urges-
(oh, yeah) I said I didn't remember anything  about that. (then) Look, the point is, I have an affinity with this thing. I can get inside its head. (acting it out) Okay, I'm a big, bad wolf. I'm on the  prowl. I'm a sniffing, snarling, slobbering  predator. I'm…
(starting out) I'm going to go talk to him. Force a confession out of him.
Why so jumpy, Larry?
Is that really it? Or is there something you're hiding?
I know your secret, big guy. I know  what you've been doing at night.
Hurting me won't make this go away. People are still going to find out.
I don't want anything. I just want to help.
No, it's just… I know what you're going through. Because I've been there. And  that's why I know you should talk about it.
Larry, please. Before someone else  gets hurt.
(smiles painfully) Heard you the first time.
It probably would have just slipped out  even if I wasn't there.
The same thing?
What? No, Larry, I'm not-
Hey…
Wow. Those two gals have been  hanging out together a lot. (then) This would be a good time to panic.
(defensive) What's that supposed to mean?
He's not the werewolf. Can't you leave it at that? Must you continue to push  and push?
Okay.
You're not boned. You're Buffy.  Eradicator of evil. Defender of…  things that need defending.
(trying to be helpful) Werewolf.
What else should we have assumed?
So that's good, right? I mean in the sense of, the werewolf didn't get her and… (then) No. There is no good here.
Buffy, you can't blame yourself for  every death in Sunnydale.
Are you okay?
Buffy-
Don't let him get to you.
Yeah.
Oh, no. My life's not too complicated…
This is all so weird. I mean, how are  we supposed to act when we see him?
I know I'll never be able to look at him  the same way again.
Who are we talking about?
No one.
It really was nothing. That we  should be talking about. Ever.
What? It's not okay for one guy to like  another guy just because he happened to be in the locker room when absolutely nothing happened and I thought I told  you not to push!
(covering) Oh, yeah. That was the weirdness.
I've heard that.
What relationship? What kind of life  could they possibly have? You're talking  obedience school, paper training. Oz  would be burying all their stuff in the  backyard. And that kind of breed can  turn on its owner.
I'm just saying, she's not safe with him.  If it was up to me-