Ah! Introduction to the Modern Novel.  "A survey study of twentieth century  novelists...", open to freshmen...  You might like that...
Maybe more than one.
Ooh! Short story.
Oh, no, it conflicts. With Psych.
Oh, you gotta! It's fun, and you can  use it for your science requirement.  Anyway Professor Walsh is supposed  to be great, she's like world renowned.
(still reading) Yes, first there is the painful nowning  process - wait. "Images of Pop Culture".  This is good. They watch movies, shows,  even commercials.
Isn't college cool?
Well, you did sort of leave your  course selection to the last minute.
(nose in the air) That's an exaggeration. I just think,  you know, it's fun to be prepared.  You don't wanna be caught unawares.
It's exciting, though, huh?
Sure. It's like five miles away.  Uncharted territory.
That makes sense.
Yeah...
Buffy!
Isn't it cool?! There's so much stuff  going on!
I got all my courses, except I had to  switch Modern Poetry for Ethnomusicology,  but that's cool, West African drumming,  I think it's gonna change everything for  me. Have you met your roommate yet? (Buffy shakes her head) Me neither. Hope she's cool.
Oh yeah! It's great. I've heard about  five different issues and I'm angry  about each and every one of them. (looking at Buffy's) What'd you get?
I didn't get jello shots... (looks through hers) I'll trade you a Take Back the Night...
Oh, I got mine first thing. The lines  are really long now. You should have  gone early.
I'm being annoying, aren't I?
It's just... In high school, knowledge  was pretty much frowned upon. You  really had to work to learn anything.  But here, I mean, the energy, the  collective intelligence -- it's like this  force, this penetrating force, I can feel  my mind just opening up, you know,  letting the place just thrust into it and...  spurt knowledge... into... that sentence  ended up in a different place than it  started out in.
(trying to be nice) Well, I mean... Boyfriend!
It's my on-campus boyfriend!
How are you doing?
(re: leaflet) Ooh! I have that one.
Library... (picks an entrance) Library! Come on.
Well, he says he's enjoying being a  Gentleman of Leisure.
Uh huh. He's a slacker now.
Not for a while. He's still doing his cross  country see-America thing. He said he  wasn't coming back until he'd driven  to all fifty states.
Isn't it amazing?
You know, I never wanted to hurt  Giles' feelings, but occult books aside,  our old library didn't have the greatest  selection. But this...
It's like a REAL library!
Here.
Introduction to Psychology. Up there.
I think there's a protest next week.
You've taken it?
Willow. And this is my friend Buffy.
Do you know if we're gonna cover  operant conditioning in the first semester?  I heard that was kind of Professor Walsh's  specialty.
I know <b>of</b> it...
Ooh! Where?
Well, it's fascinating.
(to Buffy) How was Pop Culture?  BUFFY I decided not to take it. It seemed dull.
You've made a friend? Good for you.
Buffy would never just take off. It's  just not in her nature except for that  one time she disappeared for several  months and changed her name but  there were circumstances then. There's  no circumstances.
I bet there were circumstances. We've  probably been so wrapped up in our  own petty lives that we totally missed  the circumstances. We're bad friends.
How can you be so calm?
Xander!
What's a prank?
Oh, those friends.
Is Buffy in danger?
Hi Giles.
Giles, can you get this box on top?