The whole world in front of her, and  she comes back to this dive.
Hey, Buff.
Couple of days ago.
I knew you guys were starting the  whole college adventure, I didn't  want to, you know, help you move.
There was some purple mountains  majesty, I'm gonna have to say.
Well...
Grand Canyon.
Well, I saw the movie "Grand Canyon".  On cable. Really lame.
Basically I got as far as Oxnard and  the engine fell out of my car. And that  was literally, so I ended up washing  dishes at the fabulous "Ladies Night"  club for about a month and a half while  I tried to pay for the repairs. Nobody  really bothered me or spoke to me there  until one night one of the male strippers  called in sick and no power on this  Earth will make me tell you the rest of  <b>that</b> story. Suffice to say I traded in my  car for one that wasn't made entirely of  rust and came trundling back home to the  arms of my loving parents and everything's  exactly as it was except I sleep in the  basement and I have to pay rent. How's  college?
No power on this Earth.
Uh huh. Once more with even less  feeling.
And you're sitting alone at the Bronze  looking like you were just diagnosed  with cancer of the puppy.
Then where's the gang? Avengers  assemble, let's get it going.
Okay, Buff. What's the what here.
Can't cut what? Slaying?
Buffy, this is all about fear. It's  understandable, but you can't let it  control you. Fear leads to anger.  Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to  anger... no wait... Fear leads to hate,  hate leads to the dark side... hold on...  Hate... no First you get the women,  then you get the money, then you  get... okay forget that.
The point is, you're Buffy!
And what, in college you're Betty  Louise?
Buffy, I've been through some fairly  dark times in my life. Faced some scary  things, among them the kitchen of the  fabulous "Ladies Night" club. Let me  tell you something. When it's dark and  I'm all alone, and I'm scared or  freaking out or whatever, I always  think, "What would Buffy do?" (beat) You're my hero.
It's a deal.
And nothing says "thank you" like  dollars in the waistband. Okay. What  do we do first?
I can't believe the vampires took your  stuff. Murder I expect, but petty larceny  just seems so... petty.
(sees something) How far back do the disappearances  go?
Magic number. Check it out.
1982. And look here.
You up for a little reconnaissance?
No, that was the renaissance.
We need weapons.
I'll hurry.
It's a prank!
How are my guys!?
And this is very intrusive, isn't it.
Xander.
Do we hug?
Prank? Oh! The room! Some friends  of Buffy's played a funny joke, they  took her stuff and now she wants us  to help get it back from her friends  who sleep all day and have no tans.
So they took the chest. Well, let's go  then and go to our friend. It was nice  meeting you, Kathy.
Let's go to Will's, get supplies.
She's in a holding pattern. We've got  some time.
So, all that other stuff in there, that's  just gonna sit there, right? I mean,  nobody owns it in the strictest sense...
Dibs on the rowing machine.
What's with the arsenal?
(to Buffy) College not that scary after all, huh?