GILES: Just me. Sorry (then) Can I get you anything?
BUFFY: No. Thanks though.
GILES: Riley?
RILEY: I'm fine. Thanks.
WILLOW: What time is it?
XANDER: There's a clock on the wall behind you, Will.
WILLOW: I know - but your watch is right there above your hand.
WILLOW: That can't be right.
WILLOW: Oh.
BUFFY: I can't stand this, what's taking so long?
RILEY: It doesn't mean anything.
BUFFY: You think?
RILEY: I'd worry more if your mom was out of surgery quickly. It might mean there wasn't much they could do.
KEISER: Okay. Your mom's in recovery-
BUFFY: (cutting him off) What happened? Is she alright?
KEISER: Well, it was possible to visualize the tumor completely - which means I was able to get all of it. So baring complications in recovery, I think your mother's going to be fine.
DAWN: Are you kidding?
KEISER: (smiling) I never kid about my amazing surgical skills. (then) Of course, we're still going to have to watch your mother's condition and have her back in for follow-up testing, but overall I'd consider the procedure a complete success.
BUFFY: Oh My God, Doctor - thank you. Thank you so much.
KEISER: Believe me, it's my-
KEISER: Oh, hey... Uh, owww. Owwww!
BUFFY: Sorry, sorry - but thank you, thanks. I mean it-
KEISER: Really, my pleasure. Your mom's going to be in recovery for a while - you should all go home, get some rest, relax.
DAWN: When I was younger, I used to put my chopsticks in my mouth like this...
DAWN: (talking around the fangs) ...and Buffy would chase me around the house yelling "I'm the Slayer! I'm gonna get you!"
ANYA: That's disturbing. You're emotionally scarred and will turn out badly.
DAWN: No, it was great! She didn't really stake me in the heart, you know.
XANDER: Buffy's pretty cool about that. (then) So what do you want to do now, Dawnster? Keeping in mind that I'm not going to chase you, because I am old and stuffed full of mu-gu-gai-starch.
ANYA: (eagerly) We could play that game again. Life? That's fun.
DAWN: For you. You always win.
ANYA: Well, we could wager this time. You could give me real money. That would be different.
XANDER: And after we teach her to gamble, maybe we could all get drunk.
ANYA: (dead serious) I don't think they'd server her in a bar. But we could bring something in. (brightly/to Dawn) Strawberry Schnapps tastes just like ice cream.
XANDER: (to Dawn) There will be no Schnapps, no alcohol of any kind until you are at least old enough to be President, understand?
DAWN: Got it.
XANDER: How about a movie? They're showing 'em in theaters now. I hear it's like watching a video with a bunch of strangers and a sticky floor.
DAWN: That one looks sad.
XANDER: The chimp playing hockey? Is that based on the Chekhov?
ANYA: <u>There's a chimp playing hockey</u>?!
DAWN: I meant the other one. I don't wanna see a sad movie.
ANYA: We have to see the chimp playing hockey! That's hilarious! Ice is so slippery! And monkeys are all irrational... we have to see this!
XANDER: You pick, Dawn. This is your night. We're celebrating your mom's good news.
ANYA: Go monkey! Choose monkey!
DAWN: That's okay. You guys don't have to make a big deal for me. The only reason I'm sleeping over here is so Buffy and Riley can boink.
XANDER: That's not it at all... they just need some time to... be tender... relax...
ANYA: He's not very convincing.
DAWN: Yeah, 'Alone time' always translates into 'Get Dawn out of the house so we can have loud obnoxious sex.'
ANYA: Does that mean we can't?
BUFFY: Can we put this song on "repeat?"
RILEY: Whatever you want.
BUFFY: Can we put this night on "repeat?"
RILEY: Absolutely.
BUFFY: Good... (then) God. I can't believe how relaxed I feel. Like all the tension's just been released from my body...
RILEY: Already? I had that scheduled for a little later on.
BUFFY: (coy) Scheduled? Are you planning to seduce me?
RILEY: Always.
RILEY: I want tonight to be special for you.
BUFFY: It's more than special. It's perfect.
RILEY: I'm glad. You deserve it after everything you've been through.
BUFFY: It was nothing compared to what Mom had to deal with.
RILEY: But it was a lot. And you were incredible.
BUFFY: Not really. I was just covering for the weepy chicken within.
RILEY: Don't sell yourself short. You stayed strong the whole time, Buffy. You never even cried.
BUFFY: Oh, I cried alright. There were a few times I couldn't stop.
RILEY: Oh.
BUFFY: But that's all over now. Now Mom's out of the woods and I'm here with you - and that's all that matters.
JOYCE: (re: wig) You don't think it's too obvious? I think I look like I have a cat on my head.
BUFFY: But a very well groomed cat.
JOYCE: Well that's a comfort.
BUFFY: I think it's fun. We can get you a whole bunch of different wigs. You can be like - Action Mom, Sixties Mom, French Maid Mom... Maybe get a big green Grinchy- looking one for Christmas...
JOYCE: I must be getting better. You're making fun of me again.
BUFFY: Well, yeah. I have a lot of lost time to make up.
JOYCE: I think you have more important things to make up. I know you've been missing a lot of school...
BUFFY: I'm fine. Willow's been bringing me my work. I may have to take a few incompletes, but I'll get through the semester.
JOYCE: Well what about slaying - and your friends? I want you to get back to your life.
BUFFY: I will. I promise. But right now I'm more into being here - and styling your beautiful new plastic dream hair.
JOYCE: Fair enough. But you don't have to keep me company all night. Go have fun. Get Riley to take you to a movie or something.
BUFFY: I am having fun. Besides, I gave Riley the rest of the day off.
JOYCE: I don't think he thinks of you as a chore, Buffy.
BUFFY: Mom - I told Riley to make his own plans tonight because I wanted to have you all to myself. Okay? I can see him anytime. (then) Besides, I'm sure he'll come around later looking for some- (catches herself) Bible study.
JOYCE: (a little unsure) Well - good. As long as you two are getting come quality time with... the Lord.
BUFFY: We are. Absolutely.
GRAHAM: Sir.
ELLIS: What have we got?
GRAHAM: Belize. Last transmission. Infra-red scans say...
ELLIS: They're breeding. They won't stay put in that village for long. (nods) Looks like we got ourselves a hot spot. Tell the men to get ready.
GRAHAM: What about Riley? (off Ellis's look) Agent Finn. I'm telling you sir, if we go in for a sweep and drop, he's definitely a guy we want on the team.
ELLIS: Let's bring him on board.
GRAHAM: It might take a little convincing.
ELLIS: Why? What's he got here in Sunnydale that's so special?
BUFFY: Riley?
SPIKE: It's me.
BUFFY: Spike. Every time you show up like this, you risk all your parts - you know that?
SPIKE: I wouldn't be here if I didn't have a good reason. As usual I'm here to help you and are you naked under there?
BUFFY: Get out.
SPIKE: I'm serious- Not about the naked part, I mean...
BUFFY: (deadly) Get out or I'll drop you out, head first.
SPIKE: I want to show you something.
BUFFY: (suspicious) What?
SPIKE: You need to see it.
BUFFY: This better be worth getting out of my warm bed for, or so help me-
SPIKE: It is. (then) But we have to move if we want to get there in time.
SPIKE: (scoffing) Please. Like I give a bloody damn.
VAMP: What do you think you're doing?
SPIKE: Just having a little look, mate. Keep it down.
VAMP: (louder) You can't just go up there.
SPIKE: I said, <u>keep it down</u>.
RILEY: <u>Harder</u>.
RILEY: Buffy-
RILEY: Buffy!
SPIKE: (mock sincere) We only came here because we care about you, friend. You need help.
WHIP: Hey, hey!-
WHIP: Was that the <u>Slayer</u>?
WHIP: What the hell do you think you're doing, bringing the slayer here?!
RILEY: <u>Back off</u>. I didn't-
WHIP: She knows where my operation is, it's over. Nobody's going to risk coming here.
RILEY: (intense) Back off, man, or-
WHIP: You working with her - is that it? I knew you were too vanilla for this scene-
SPIKE: I thought you should know. I-
RILEY: Get out.
ELLIS: I need to talk to you.
RILEY: I'm not in the talking mood.
ELLIS: Then listen.
GRAHAM: Riley, just give the man a chance. If you don't like what you hear - we'll be on our way.
RILEY: Talk fast.
ELLIS: We have a Code One in Belize. A demon tribe is tearing apart missionaries in the rainforest down there.
RILEY: And you're telling me this because...
ELLIS: We're going down to terminate their operation. Want you to join us.
RILEY: I'm a civilian.
ELLIS: You're a soldier.
RILEY: I quit the government a long way back.
ELLIS: We're not government. We're army.
GRAHAM: Just like you.
ELLIS: When demon activity goes unchecked in parts of the world most people don't want to know about - we move in. It's not the Initiative, Finn. We don't do experiments. None of us gives a damn what makes monsters tick. We just stop 'em.
RILEY: What do you need me for?
ELLIS: I think you can handle yourself, and I always need bodies. I'm not gonna lie: it's the real deal. High risk, low pay and seriously messy. We ship out for South America tomorrow midnight. Now maybe civilian life's working out for you...
ELLIS: ... And maybe it's not. Midnight tomorrow. Decision is yours.
GRAHAM: It's a hell of a ride, bro.
GILES: And so it begins. No longer a victim of crass holiday commercialization - I am a purveyor of it.
WILLOW: Pretty. (then) This is sort of like un-Hanukkah. I keep opening things that I actually want, only they aren't for me.
ANYA: Who ordered more chicken's feet? The ones we have aren't moving at all.
XANDER: That' generally what happens when you cut them off the chicken.
ANYA: I'm serious... Maybe we should do a holiday promotion - one free with every purchase.
GILES: Ah yes, what dear holiday memories. Joyful tykes by the fire, enjoying their new Christmas chicken feet.
WILLOW: (teasingly) Holding them close as they fall asleep, painting their tiny toenails...
ANYA: Oh, yes. Very humorous. Make fun of the ex-demon. I can just hear you in private: "I dislike that Anya. She is newly-human and strangely literal."
WILLOW: What? I don't say that. No one says that. No one talks like that.
ANYA: There is nothing wrong with my idea, anyway. I have been very good for this store. If it wasn't for me, Giles would be a terrified old man staring at a quarterly tax statement and wetting himself.
GILES: I say, that's an exaggeration--
WILLOW: Anya, you've helped out a lot, but I have too.
ANYA: Yes, that's right. I forgot about all the vigorous sitting around.
XANDER: (to Anya) Hey, Ahn, you can back off a little. You get paid. Willow's doing this on her own time.
ANYA: (sweetly) I'm sorry, Willow. Thank you for making time in your busy life to come in here and get in the way of mine.
XANDER: Anya! Play nice!
ANYA: Fine! Take her side instead of mine. Even though <u>I'm</u> the one who sleeps with you and feeds you and bathes you!
WILLOW: She <u>bathes</u> you?
XANDER: (embarrassed) Only in an erotic, Penthouse-y way. Not in a sponge-bathy, geriatric sort of-
GILES: (cutting him off) Please. Stop. I beg of you.
BUFFY: Giles, I need to find out everything I can about a vamp nest downtown.
GILES: A nest? What sort of-
BUFFY: (cutting him off) It was like a... there were people there. It looked like they were paying vampires to bite them.
XANDER: (mock relief) <u>Now</u> I know what to get for the person who has everything.
WILLOW: Who would pay to get bitten?
ANYA: It's been going on for centuries. Humans hire vampires to feed off them. They get off on the rush.
GILES: And the danger. Traveling in the underworld can become addictive for these people.
XANDER: Why don't the vampires just kill them?
ANYA: Because they get cash, hot and cold running blood - and they don't leave any corpses around, so they don't get hunted.
GILES: Still, it's terribly dangerous for humans. People end up dying accidentally or meeting a vampire who only pretends to play by house rules.
BUFFY: You knew about this and you didn't tell me?
GILES: I- I haven't seen it since my Ripper days. I didn't know it was going on in Sunnydale.
BUFFY: Well it is, and I'm going to stop it.
GILES: Buffy, even if I had known about this - I might no have told you.
BUFFY: What? Why?
GILES: I'm not sure this is where your efforts are best spent. Perhaps you should focus your efforts on a... less ambiguous evil. Glory, for instance.
BUFFY: You said people are dying.
GILES: But they're willing victims. And there are so many other people who deserve your help who aren't...
ANYA: Not to mention the fact that if you cut off their supply - they'll only look for another fix someplace else.
BUFFY: Vampires are vampires. And my job description is pretty clear. (hard) Are you coming with me or not?
XANDER: What's the rush, Buff? If we're going into a nest maybe we should come up with a strategy. Wait for Riley...
BUFFY: Back me up or not, I'm not waiting.
GILES: Anya - will you mind the store?
ANYA: Sure thing.
ANYA: Have a nice day. Don't get killed!
BUFFY: I don't know what happened. This place was doing serious business last night...
XANDER: Guess everybody jumped ship when word got out that the Slayer found their crib. (quickly) And let me just apologize for that use of the word crib.
BUFFY: (to Giles) You think they'll set up shop again here in town?
GILES: It's hard to say. I imagine they'll lay low for a while.
BUFFY: (frustrated) But they're around somewhere. There's got to be a way we can find these creeps.
WILLOW: Don't worry, Buff. You'll find them.
XANDER: Yeah. I'm sure you'll get 'em next time, champ.
BUFFY: (deadly calm) We'd better get going.
SPIKE: What took you? Guess it takes a while to get to full strength after those bites-
SPIKE: (alarmed) Hey. Hey. Let's be reasonable about this.
RILEY: You may have noticed Spike, I left reasonable about three exits back.
SPIKE: Look, I'm not the one who got you into this. I mean, don't kill the messenger-
RILEY: Why the hell not?
SPIKE: Owwww! Ohhhh, God- (getting it) <u>Hey</u>.
RILEY: Plastic wood grain. Looks real, doesn't it?
RILEY: You think I don't know what's going on with you, Spike? Stay away from her - or we're doing this for real next time.
SPIKE: Oh... man... you're really under it, aren't you?
RILEY: What?
SPIKE: Look at you. All afraid I'm hot for your honey...
RILEY: Because you are.
SPIKE: Well - yeah! But that's not your problem. Even if I wasn't in the picture, you're never going to be able to hold onto her...
SPIKE: Ahhhh! Bloody hell-
RILEY: Maybe I didn't almost kill you enough-
SPIKE: Come on. You're not the long haul guy and you know it-
RILEY: (hard) Shut up-
SPIKE: You know it, or you wouldn't be getting suck jobs from two bit vampire trulls.
SPIKE: Girl needs some monster in her man, and it's not in your nature. No matter how low you try to go.
RILEY: Do you actually think you've got a shot with her?
SPIKE: No, I don't. Fellow's gotta do what he can, though. Got to try.
RILEY: You touch her, you know I'd kill you, for real.
SPIKE: I had this chip out, I'd a killed you long ago. (beat) Ain't love grand.
SPIKE: Sometimes I envy you so much it chokes me. And then sometimes I think I've got the better deal. To be that close to her and not have her... To be all alone even when you're holding her, feeling her, feeling her beneath you, surrounding you, the scent of -- no, you've got the better deal.
RILEY: I'm the lucky guy. Yeah.
RILEY: I'm the guy.
XANDER: How long has she been in there?
ANYA: A while. She seemed pretty gung ho about it, too. Didn't even stop to say hello.
XANDER: Yeah... When we went to deal with that vampire nest, she got all Rambo and torched the place. Something seriously bad is going on with her.
ANYA: I don't know. Maybe you're overreacting. I mean, who hasn't done stuff like that from time to time? I made this one guy spontaneously combust, and he set his whole village on fire-
XANDER: (cuts her off) Could you stop being scary for a minute and listen to what I'm trying to tell you?
RILEY: Is she in there?
XANDER: (nods) She's training.
RILEY: Would you guys mind clearing out? I need a minute alone with Buffy.
ANYA: Ah - a little after hours hanky- panky in the training room, huh? Xander and I can tell you some stories-
XANDER: Not now. Let's go, Anya.
ANYA: There's a funny thing with the vaulting horse, you can-
XANDER: <u>Anya</u>-
ANYA: What? He was the one who started it.
XANDER: In your world, maybe. But where the people are this isn't the time for tales of Anya and Xander's Sexcapades.
ANYA: Oh. (then) Well, let's just go home and, y'know, have 'em.
XANDER: Actually, I got some stuff to take care of.
RILEY: We need to talk.
BUFFY: I'm not ready to talk to you yet.
RILEY: Too bad.
BUFFY: I'm serious. Unless you want a fight-
RILEY: So let's fight. We need to have this out, Buffy. Right now.
BUFFY: (pained) And say what, Riley? What were you thinking? How long have you been lying to me? (then) Nothing you can say right now is going to make it better.
RILEY: I realize that. I don't expect... I just need you to hear me out.
BUFFY: Fine. But get your hands off me.
RILEY: I think - I... when this thing started, it was just some stupid, immature game. I wanted to even the score after you let Dracula bite you-
BUFFY: I did not let him-
RILEY: (cutting her off) I know. On some level I know that. But I was still spun, and, I don't know... I wanted to know what you felt, I wanted to know why Angel and Dracula had so much power over you-
BUFFY: (shakes her head) You so don't get it.
RILEY: Exactly. Which is why I let the first one bite me... I wanted to get it, Buffy. I wanted to get <u>you</u>-
BUFFY: So this is <u>my</u> fault? Gee, Buffy's so mysterious - I think I'll go almost die. I think I'll let some other woman...
RILEY: This isn't your fault. It's mine. And I feel like hell for what I've put you through. But it's just - these girls-
BUFFY: Vampires, <u>killers</u>.
RILEY: (ignoring) They made me feel something. Something I didn't even know I was missing until-
BUFFY: I can't. I can't hear this-
RILEY: You need to hear this-
BUFFY: (livid) Fine. Tell me about your whores. Tell me what on earth they've been giving you that I can't.
RILEY: They <u>needed</u> me, Buffy-
BUFFY: (cutting him off) They needed your money! It wasn't about you.
RILEY: No - on some basic level it was about me. My blood. My body. When they bit me, it was beyond passion... They wanted to devour me, all of me-
BUFFY: (pained) Why are you telling me this?
RILEY: It wasn't real. I know. It was just physical. But the fact that I craved it, that I kept going back... Even if it was fleeting - they made me feel like they had such hunger for me...
BUFFY: And - I don't? Make you feel that way?
BUFFY: How can you compare me to, to that? How can you say you understand what those vampires were feeling? You're not a passion to them, you're a snack! An idiotic, willing snack!
RILEY: I know exactly what they feel when they bite me - because I feel it every time we're together. It's like the whole world falls away - and all there is is you.
BUFFY: And you don't think I care that way about you? How dare you tell me-
RILEY: (cutting her off) You keep me at a distance Buffy. You didn't even call me when your mom went into the hospital.
BUFFY: I'm sorry I couldn't take care of you when I thought my mom was dying.
RILEY: It's about <u>me</u> taking care of <u>you</u>! It's about letting me in, so you don't have to be on top of everything all the time-
BUFFY: But I do. See, that's part of what a slayer is. And that's really what this is about. You can't handle that I'm stronger than you.
RILEY: It's hard sometimes, yes. But that's not it-
BUFFY: Then what? What do you want from me Riley? I've given you everything I have. Every part of me, body and soul-
RILEY: (anguished) You say that, but I don't feel it.
BUFFY: Well whose fault is that? Because I'm telling you - this is me. This is the package. And if it's so deficient that you need to get your kicks elsewhere then we have a real problem.
RILEY: They want me back, Buffy. The military. It's deep undercover. No contact with civilians. (then) The transport's leaving tonight.
BUFFY: (stunned) Tonight? When were you going to tell me about this?
RILEY: I'm telling you now.
BUFFY: Are you going?
RILEY: I don't know. If we can't work this out...
BUFFY: Then what? That's it - goodbye?
BUFFY: You are unbelievable! You're giving me an ultimatum?
RILEY: I'm not. I-
BUFFY: You are! You expect me to get over it <u>now</u> or you're gone!
RILEY: I don't. Buffy-
RILEY: That's not what I meant-
BUFFY: No. I've heard enough. I'm not taking the blame for all of this-
RILEY: I'm not asking you to-
BUFFY: (cutting him off) Let me go, or I'll-
RILEY: What? Hit me? Go ahead.
RILEY: (hard) Come on, do it.
BUFFY: (deadly) Get out of my way.
RILEY: I'm serious, Buffy. Hit me. <u>Hit me</u>.
RILEY: I'm leaving, Buffy. Unless you give me a reason to stay, I'm leaving tonight.
WHIP: The pyro act was a bad idea, Slayer.
BUFFY: Felt pretty good to me.
WHIP: I'm not running. And you're not shutting me down.
WHIP: In fact - you're not going to make it through the night.
BUFFY: Walk away.
BUFFY: I'm serious. Don't do this. Not now-
XANDER: So how'd that work out for you? Make you feel better?
BUFFY: What are you doing here?
XANDER: I thought you might need to talk. Then I saw you get into this skirmish... I was going to lend a hand - but you seemed to grow a few extra ones.
BUFFY: Go home, Xander.
XANDER: Buffy-
BUFFY: I'm serious.
XANDER: So am I. Something's up. You're acting like a crazy person.
XANDER: Take this, for instance. You don't want to deal, so you <u>hide</u>? Not very slayer-like.
BUFFY: Just leave me alone, Xander. You have no idea what's going on.
XANDER: No? Good. So you and Riley aren't imploding?
XANDER: Doesn't take a genius. What I can't figure out is how you didn't see it coming?
BUFFY: What? Who told you-
XANDER: Nobody told me anything, Buffy. It's been right in front of my Xander face. The guy would do anything for you-
BUFFY: (cutting him off) The guy got himself bit by a vampire!
BUFFY: He lied to me. He ran around behind my back and almost got himself killed. And now he has the nerve to tell me that he's leaving with some covert military operation at midnight, unless I convince him not to. (then) No tell me you "understand" - because I sure as hell don't.
XANDER: Are you going to let him go?
BUFFY: It's not my decision if he wants to take off--
XANDER: Of course it is.
BUFFY: Well, that's not fair!
XANDER: Who cares if it's fair? In about twenty minutes Riley's gonna disappear -- maybe forever -- unless you do something to stop him.
BUFFY: What am I supposed to do? Beg him to stay?
XANDER: Why wouldn't you? To keep Riley here, you wouldn't --
BUFFY: I don't even know who he is! I mean he's... I thought Riley was dependable --
XANDER: Dependable? What is he, State Farm?
BUFFY: You know what I mean.
XANDER: Yeah, I think you mean convenient. I think you took it for granted that he was gonna show up when you wanted him to and take off when you didn't.
BUFFY: Look who's talking! You've got Anya following you around like a love sick puppy --
XANDER: Oh boy is this not about me --
BUFFY: Is she more than a convenience? 'Cause that'd be kind of a surprise.
XANDER: If you don't want to hear what I have to say, I'll shut up right now.
BUFFY: Good. 'Cause --
XANDER: I lied. See, what I think? You got burned with Angel. Then Riley shows up-
BUFFY: I know the story, Xander.
XANDER: But you missed the point. You shut down, Buffy. And you've been treating Riley like the rebound guy, when he's the one who comes along once in a lifetime. He's never held back with you - he's risked it all - and you're about to let him fly because you don't like <u>ultimatums</u>?
XANDER: If what he needs from you just isn't there - for God's sake, let him go. But if it is? If you can go deeper... Let him get to know that raw, unguarded heart you tried to put away... Maybe you'd better risk something too.
XANDER: Okay. So he's drawn the line. Good. Cause either this is the end - or maybe it's the beginning. It's up to you.
BUFFY: Xander-
XANDER: <u>Run</u>.
ELLIS: Come on, Finn!
BUFFY: Riley!!
BUFFY: Stop!! Riley!!
XANDER: I need to say something to you. I should have said it a long time ago. I mean, you may not even know... I love you, Anya, more every day. I love the way you see things. I love the way you work a cash register and how beautiful you are - and how amazingly sweet and crazy you can be at the same time...
XANDER: I can't imagine my days without you - and I wouldn't want to.