Maybe, you know, if I go and all...
Thank you, Cordelia. The  humiliation's so good for my color.
I do. If you do.
(to take attention off herself) So, Cordy, what's your strategy for winning the election? Is it safe to  say bribes are involved?
You know what? I'm a little tired. Think I'll call it a night. I'm excited about the Homecoming dance.
See you tomorrow.
It's me!
How are you feeling?
I haven't told Giles or the others you're back...
I'm not going to, they wouldn't understand that you're...
... better. And I'm going to help you keep getting better but... everything's different now, Angel. I'm working harder at school. I'm a  Senior now, thinking about college -- also I have a boyfriend.
His name is Scott. He's a good, solid guy. He makes me happy. And that's what I need. Someone I can count on.
You don't? But... when did this  happen? Where was I?
Okay, it's too soon to know where we're going... but isn't it too soon to not go at all?
-- no, I know I do that, because my  life is so... but I'm getting better and you're going to be seeing a drastic distraction reduction from here on out... (nothing from Scott) "Drastic reduction reduction", try saying that ten times fast.
Gee. Thanks.
Lucky me. Edge girl.
I don't know...
(considering it) Well, maybe...
Okay. I'm in. Not the stud-using part -- or, probably not...
Ms. Moran, I'm so glad I ran into you. I had a little incident last year of... getting kicked out of school. I'm back, I've done all my make-ups but I still need one written recommendation from a teacher -- I  think the word Principal Snyder used was "glowing" -- for my file, to show I belong here.
Buffy. Buffy Summers, second row, third from the front in your class... (Moran shrugs) ..."Contemporary American Heroes:  From Amelia Earhart to Maya Angelou", the class that changed my life?
Buffy.
I can't believe it. My favorite teacher and she didn't remember me. I'm like a non-person. Am I turning invisible? (to Oz) Can you see me?
At Hemery I was Prom Queen, Fiesta Queen, I was on the cheerleading squad -- the yearbook was, like, a  story of me. Now it's senior year and I'm going to be one crappy picture on one eighth of one crappy page.
What do you mean?
When? Why?
I'm not voting for you.
Why didn't you tell me they were doing the yearbook pictures?
The big is that it's the yearbook! It's the book about...the year!
You just could have thought about someone else for thirty seconds, that's all.
Oh, yeah, Homecoming campaign. Rough gig.
Yeah, apparently it involves handing out these entirely lame flyers.
Oh, you would?
Then you will.
I'll show you how it's done. I'll go for Homecoming Queen and I'll win.
Sorry, Cordy, but you have no idea who you're messing with.
I'm not talking about the Slayer. I'm talking about Buffy. You've awakened the Prom Queen within, Cordy. And that crown is gonna be mine.
...it's won or lost in the trenches. Holly, Michelle... (hits board with pointer on each name) ...and our real competition,  Cordelia, all have a big head  start -- speaking of Cordelia's head, if I had a watermelon that big, I'd be rich!
-- waits for laugh...right, don't rag on the competition, makes me look petty. Anyway, I've done this  before, it's just like any other popularity contest -- the only difference being that this time I'm  not actually popular. But I'm not unpopular, exactly. I mean, a lot of people came to my welcome home party.
Good point. Will, I want you to set  up a database, who's for us, who's on the fence, crisis areas. Oz, you take the fringe, musicians, not inclined to vote, could be an important swing. Xander --
Hi Cordelia. I know this is kinda awkward but I don't see why we can't all get along during the campaign. We're all buds, we're all going to the dance together in the limo.
Giles, it's no fun if you don't try your best.
Sure. It's not like anyone takes it that seriously.
(awkwardly) Oh. Thanks.
It's just something to fill the time, it's kind of silly, really.
I really don't want to -- (stops herself) Thank you.
Hi.
Will, it's okay, you helping Cordelia. You're my friend, I'm not going to hold it against you.
And I'm sure they're more important than all we've been through together or how many times I've saved your life...
Fifteen minutes alone on your computer with Cordelia's data base.
So I called the limo place and we're  all set. It's going to swing by  Faith's, then my place...
You know, Jonathan, I've always felt a special bond between you and me --
Okay, how 'bout... you vote for me and I don't beat the living crap out of you.
(cheery) Tell your friends!
You're giving out money now?
Yes.
I was never trying to be like you and when was it funny?
How can you think it's okay to talk to people like that? Do you have parents?
Your brain isn't even connected to your mouth. Is it?
Don't ever do that again.
Vapid whore!
"Dear Cordelia and Buffy, we won't be riding to the dance with you. We want you to work out your problems because our friendships are more important than who wins Homecoming Queen. Your friends. P.S., the limo was not cheap, work it out." (beat) Well...
They gave us corsages?
Oh. (takes out other corsage, pins it to her dress) Nice of you to check with me on that.
I'm not making a big deal. You wanted the orchid, you took the orchid.
It does have a sallow tint... (limo stops) Finally, we're here...
What's massively wrong with this picture?
We gotta get off this path...
That's gotta smart. Now, I can let you out of that trap or I can put a bullet in your head. How many are there in this little game and what are they packing?
That everybody?
Tell you what. If I live, I'll send the S.P.C.A for you. And if I ever see you again, I'll kill you where you lean.
We're safe for the time being, look for a weapon.
You are if you just stand there.
Yes you will. We're going to get out of here -- then we're going to the library where Giles and more weapons live -- and we're gonna take the rest of these creeps out in time for you to congratulate me on my sweeping victory as Homecoming Queen.
Do you really love Xander?
(re: spatula) That's it?
(into phone) If you get this message, Giles, get help, get out here... hello? (clicks receiver)
It just went dead.
Welcome to my life.
Please feel free to walk out that door and live it at any time.
Well that's all I wanted too,  Cordelia, I spent a year's allowance on this dress...
Because this is all I do. This is what my life is, fighting monsters no one even knows about while everyone else gets to... I thought Homecoming Queen, I could open a yearbook someday and say "I was there. I went to high  school and had friends and for one  minute, I got to live in the world." And there'd be proof. Proof that I was  chosen for something other than this. (holds up gun) ... besides (pumps shell in gun) ... I look cute in a tiara.
(between punches) Cor... the gun!
Cor... the spatula!
We gotta get to the library.
...now.
Jungle Bob and spike-head are down and out, we lost the Germans twice, but they seem to keep finding us -- we take them out and the Gorches, we can still make Homecoming.
Now we just need --
(to Cordy) Teach 'em to mistake you for a slayer.
It wasn't all bad, Cor and I spent some quality death time.
No?
... Jungle Bob said the Germans were hooked into a computer system...
Give me yours. (thinks) I need some wet toilet paper.
Long story.
Apparently not that long.  (cont'd) I'll tell you though, you don't ever  want to cross Cordy.
... damn important.