I think we should get a limo.
Van? The Homecoming Queen does not come to the dance in a van. Use your head.
What's going on? Scott hasn't asked  her to the Homecoming dance yet?
Bribes are only a part of it. A year ago I would have had this thing sewn. But the public's fickle. There's competition now, not to mention my liabilities. (glances at Xander)
Oh, sweetie... it's okay, I can overcome it, I'm that good.
Checking out the I laughingly use the phrase competition.
Holy Charleston, nice girl, brain- dead, doesn't have a prayer. And  Michelle Blake, open to all mankind, especially if they have a letterman's jacket and a car -- she could give me a run.
They're training.
I'll tell her now. I've gotta go by  the Nurse's office and get an ice pack.
No silly... (pats her face) ...shrinks the pores.
Bobby, Mashad, you don't phone, you don't write... (head off after them) ... I miss you guys, seriously...
Hi. I hope you'll consider me for Homecoming Queen...
Buffy, you look so adorable in that --
Then make it snappy.
Didn't I? Guess I forgot. What's the big?
Yeah, hence the name.
Hey, I'm under a lot of pressure here.
What would you know about it? Just because you were Guacamole Queen when you were three doesn't mean you understand how this works.
No, it involves being a part of the school and having actual friends. Now if it was about monsters and blood and innards, you'd be a shoo in.
Like to see you try to win the crown.
What do you mean?
This is starting to be sad.
What, the Slayer?
Great. (to Willow) How's the database coming?
Xander?
Let's get cracking.
Thanks for what you said, Buffy. I  think we're getting along good, don't you?
Are you kidding? I've been doing the Vulcan death grip since I was four!
So? Is that any more tacky than your faux "I'm shy but deep" campaign posters?
This whole trying to be like me really isn't funny anymore.
I don't see why your pathetic need to recapture your glory days gives you  the right to splinter my vote!
Yeah. Two of them. Unlike some people.
Why don't you do us both a favor and stay out of my way?
You're sick, you know that?
Crazy freak!
I took the orchid.
I don't see what the big deal is.
It goes with my complexion better.
What is this? (calls out) Okay you guys, we've had enough of your stupid games.
Hello, how stupid are you people. She's a Slayer, I am a Homecoming Quee --
I have an idea: we talk to these people, we explain I'm not a Slayer, they let me go... LOOK OUT!
Could you do me an eensy favor? Tell your friends that I'm not --
Safe? I'm not safe, I'm going to die.
I'm never going to be crowned Homecoming Queen, I'm never going to graduate high school, I'm never going to know if it was real between me and Xander or some temporary insanity that made me think... I loved him. (starting to cry) And now I'll never get to tell him.
I know what you're up to, you think if you can get me mad enough I won't be so scared -- and hey, it's working, where's a damn weapon?!
Well, he just... grows on you, like a Chia Pet.
Just this and a telephone.
(re: spatula) This is better for... (mimes hitting, then:) ...oh.
What happened?
Why is it...every time I go somewhere with you, it always ends in violence and terror?
I don't want to be in your life. I want to be in mine.
All I wanted was to be Homecoming Queen.
I don't get why you even care about Homecoming when you're doing stuff like this.
Do you hear --
Buffy!
Those animals, hunting us down like poor defenseless... well, animals, I guess.
Buffy!
(incredibly cool) I hear you, you red-neck moron. You got a little dress goes with that hat?
I know, rip out my innards, play with my eyeballs, boil my brain and eat it for brunch -- now listen up, needle- brain, Buffy and I have taken out four of your cronies, including your girlfriend --
-- whatever, point is, I haven't even worked up a sweat. See in the end Buffy's good, but she's just the runner-up. I'm the Queen. If I get mad, what do you think I'm gonna do to you?
Bah!
And we got these free corsages.
Oh God! Get rid of that thing.
Oh yeah, that'll help.
Got hunted.
You know, after all we've been through tonight, this whole who-gets-to-be- Queen-capade seems pretty...
Oh yeah.