A limo? A big, expensive limo?
You want to talk fun? Public bus. You meet the fun-est people! Back me up here, Oz.
Well, technically you haven't been elected yet... (off the deadly laser that is her look) ...although you certainly and without doubt will. (to the others) Who else likes a limo?
Are you saying that dating me is some kind of hindrance to you bagging Homecoming Queen?
Well, all right then.
No problem. I got the tux goin' on. I'm gonna look hot if it even remotely fits.
Whatchya doin'?
She and Faith are in the library, getting sweaty.
I stand by my phrase.
Did you hurt yourself?
Nice.
...special. Which is why I spared no expense on the tux.
Expense to my pride, Will. They're our only relations with money and  they shun us, as they should.
Nice.
What?
I was stylin' with the clip-on.
Face it, Will. You and I are gonna be in neighboring rest homes, and I'm  gonna be stopping by to have you  adjust my... my... I can't think of anything that's not really gross.
So, uh, you and Oz, how can I put this... are we on first, second or, ye gods?
(impressed) Oh, rounding second.
A gentleman never talks about his conquests.
(sincerely) I was gonna go with "gorgeous".
Oz is very lucky.
Come on, piece of cake. Here.
That seems to...
No... no problem...
That didn't just happen.
Because I respect you -- and Oz -- and I would never --
It's a clothes fluke, and that's what  it is and there'll be no more fluking.
We got to get out of these clothes.
Oh, I didn't mean --
Uh, no, actually, you're not.
Well, you missed the picture taking.
I've got your new flyers...
(to Buffy) She's my girlfriend.
Okay, let's not say things we'll regret later --
I know, I know, but when I look at you now... (puts his hands on her shoulders) ...it's like I'm seeing you for the first time, I know it's crazy but I can't help it.
(drops his hands) Me too.
How do you get from chick fight to "our fault"?
Okay, calm down, let's put our heads together and think of something. One of us is pretty darn smart and I'm... just in hell. I thought being a  Senior -- at last -- and having a girlfriend -- at last -- would be a  good thing. Shouldn't that be a good thing? (she smiles) What?
My mouth?
We just gotta get the two of them communicating.
We're not mopey. We're grooving. On Oz' band. He's a wonderful guy, Oz.
Giles is developing a sense of humor.
Yeah. They've been gone a while, they must really be getting into it.
Oh God, what'd you do to each other?
Heh, heh -- no.