(to Kendra) Your watcher is Sam Zabuto, you say?
We've never met - but he is very well respected.
And what are you called?
Buffy - please. There has obviously been some kind of misunderstanding here.
Kendra. There are a few people, civilians if you will, who know Buffy's identity. Willow is one of them. And they also spend time together. Socially.
Well, you see . . .
Of course. With Buffy, however, it's . . . Some flexibility is required-
It seems, that somehow, another slayer has been sent to Sunnydale.
Not that I know of. The new slayer is only called after the previous slayer has died- (then/realizing) Good lord . . . You were dead, Buffy.
Clearly, it doesn't matter how long you were gone. You were physically dead, causing the activation of the next slayer.
Yes, she drowned. But she was revived.
It would appear so. Yes.
We have no precedent for this. I'm quite flummoxed.
He's quite right. I'll need to contact him.
No, no, he's good now.
Kendra, I've conferred with your Watcher, Mr. Zabuto. He and I agree that until this matter with Spike and Drusilla is resolved, you two should work together.
Yes. That would be the dark power your Watcher referred to. Drusilla is not just evil. She's also quite mad. Restored to her full health there is absolutely no telling what she might do.
Buffy-
Yes, I'm afraid it is. Spike has called out the Order of Taraka to keep Buffy out of the way.
Really? Which volume?
After meeting you, Buffy, I was quite sure the handbook would be of no use in your case.
Kendra - perhaps you could show me the bit in Dramius six about the Order of Taraka. I must admit, I could never get through that book.
Oh, Buffy. Principal Snyder came snooping around for you.
You'd best make an appearance, I think.
Yes.
Actually, she gave up cheerleading. It's a funny story, really . . .
Let's go find that book, shall we?
(to Willow) And this Oz, he's alright?
We had a rather violent visit from one of the Order of Taraka-
Forgive me. Xander, Cordelia - this  is Kendra. It's very complicated, but she is also a slayer-
This assassin you encountered, Xander. What did he look like?
The important thing is - everybody's okay. Still, it is quite apparent that we are under serious attack-
I fear the worst is yet to come. I've discovered the remaining keys to Drusilla's cure. The ritual requires her sire and must take place in a church on the night of the new moon-
Exactly. I'm sure the assassins are here to kill Buffy before she can put a stop to things-
I'm afraid so.
Agreed. And we must work quickly. There are only five hours to sundown.
There are forty three churches in Sunnydale? That seems a bit excessive.
Check and see if any of them are closed or abandoned.
You should have better luck with this. There's a section devoted entirely to the Order of Taraka.