What are you guys up to?
Amy Yip at the waterslide park.
I'm not fickle like you two, okay? I'm constant in my affections. Amy Yip at the waterslide park.
Giles lived for school. He's still bitter  there were only twelve grades.
What have I been saying for years?
Ah, the old standards.
What's tomorrow?
Hah! Those poor schlubs. Having to give up their Saturday--
Hey, gang, did you hear that? A  bonus day of class, plus Cordelia!  A little rectal surgery and it would  be the best day ever!
A twosome of cuteness.
When are we going to have to use computers in real life, anyway?
Computers are on the way out. I think paper is about to make a big comeback.
Yeah. You don't see enough abaci.
Huh? Did I fall asleep already?
Sit here, Buffs. De-militarize the zone between me and Cordelia.
Is it some crisis that requires instant  action -- very far from here?
Think, dammit! Buffy, don't make me beg.
A loved one, good...
Yup. I knew this would happen. Nobody can be wound as straight and narrow as Giles without a dark side erupting. My Uncle Roary was the stodgiest taxidermist you ever met -- by day -- by night it was booze and whores and fur flying... were there any whores?
Give it time.
No.
We understand. It wasn't about you.
That'll teach you to mess with me when I've got a... girl.
Except for the walking around and attacking Buffy part.
Dead guy there interrupted our tutorial. (to Philip) Been meaning to thank you for that.
I feel pretty good about it. Does that make me a sociopath?
Okay, "Giles" and "orgies" in the same  sentence. Coulda lived without that.
But someone unconscious.
The most meticulous banking and phone records you've ever seen, and this.
Apparently Giles wasn't always Giles.
Once upon a time boys and girls, Giles was us.
(re: book) Hot lava.
Oh, yeah. Okay, bury a potato. No, that's for warts. (looking at the cover) Who writes these things?
Great work, Cor.
Yeah, we'll just find Ms. Calendar and then we'll decapitate her. She can be the first headless computer teacher, think anyone'll notice?
That's it, twelve years of you, I'm snapping. I don't care you're a girl,  I'm throwing down. (gets in a fight stance) Come on.
Give it your best shot!
We'll be good.
Okay, what if we find another dead body for the demon to jump into?
She's good.
Uh, I think that Ethan guy disappeared.
Putting the demon into Angel was pretty brill, Will.
Like a charm.
And the dental plan is crap.