(to Buffy) And yet you say that the vampire went to the demon's aid… The two of them working as a team.
Extraordinarily odd. As a rule, demons have no empathy for species other than their own. In fact, most consider vampires abominations - mixing with human blood and all.
(understanding) Adam.
Well, I'd suggest that for the next several nights, you two concentrate your patrol in that same area. If you find any other peculiar pairings or groupings let me know.
Party?
At a time like this? Whose idea was that?
Point taken.
Much as I long for a good kegger, I have plans. The Espresso Pump.
I'm… it's a meeting of grown-ups. It couldn't possible be of interest to you lot.
A few.
Yes. Thank you Willow. I did actually attend university in the Mesozoic era. I remember what it's like.
What are you doing here? I believe I <u>stressed</u> that you were not to come here.
And when you called to Buffy and Riley, they didn't cry out, or respond in any way?
Doing what?
Well I didn't think you meant - in the middle of all that, do you really think they'd be keeping it up? Oh, for a different phrasing…
In what ways?
(thinks) It could be some form of succubi, or a satyr's prank. It could even be  energy coming from the lab beneath  Lowell fraternity.
If there were any deaths… then perhaps we have a fairly standard haunting.
When did <u>she</u> die?
I guess you were like their mother. Did everything for them.
Yes, that's wonderful. Congratulations. (beat) Um, this may seem strange, but, did you ever notice any… odd  disturbances? In the house?
Like, furniture moving around… by itself. Objects appearing out of  nowhere. Or, perhaps you'd think you  saw a person one moment - but then they were gone? Inexplicably?
Yes, I know it does. Um… then forgive me for asking this but… of the children you cared for, were any of them ill? Or, did anything… happen to them?
Yes.
Kids will be kids. They like to play in the muck.
Very, uh, perceptive of you.
But you "helped" them.
You held them under.
Well, someone ought to. You  traumatized and abused these children, who are now, may I add, undoubtedly  extremely disturbed adults. You ruined lives, Mrs. Holt. Not to mention the fact that what you did has now manifested  itself as a murderous presence that  threatens still more lives. You have a great deal to answer for!
I don't believe there are any ghosts.
Not a ghost, an apparition. I think  we're dealing with a kind of  Poltergeist, a cluster of them in fact, born out of intense adolescent emotion and sexual energy.
(working it out) Yes. And now the poltergeists are drawing more and more of that energy out of them. Feeding on it. Buffy and Riley are powering this whole thing.
(a beat) They die.
She's right. Just wait outside the house.
How will we know when it works?
Find it in your hearts to leave our friends passage.
What's happened?