What?
I wouldn't know.
I noticed.
You have to go.
Little sis coming. I know.
So much to do before she gets here.
So go. Don't let me keep-
Damn. Just when we made it so nice.
(sighs) Are you ever gonna take this thing out?
I don't know, it just seems like it  always starts raining right about now.
NO!!!
Ow.
I'm… What?
Graduation.
Graduation. I gotta get to the… Sunnydale High School graduation - now.
What day is it?
What date. The date.
What year?
What happened to the school?
Just - tell me.
You're not me.
So. Check you out, B. (she does) Nice. The "big girl on campus" thing's really working for you.
I've been standing still for eight months, B. How hard you look?
Five by five. That's the thing about a coma, you come out all rested and rejuvenated…
And ready for pay back.
What'd you think? I'd wake up and we'd go for tea? You tried to gut me, blondie.
So let's give it another go. See who lands on top.
Actually - I think it has to be <u>exactly</u> like this.
No such animal.
Could say the same about you. You're still the same old better- than-thou Buffy. I knew it somehow. I kept having this dream -- not sure what it means, but…
…in the dream this self- righteous blond chick stabs me. And you know why?
That's one interpretation. But in my dream, she does it for a guy! If it weren't so corny, it'd be beautiful. True love conquers all, and that. But then…
(to Willow) Try it, Red, you lose an arm.
… I wake up to find out this blonde chick isn't even <i>dating</i> the guy she was so nuts about before. She's moved on - to the first college beefstick she meets. Not only has she forgotten the "love of her life," she's forgotten all about the chick she nearly killed for him… (then) So, that's my dream. Well, that and some stuff about cigars and a tunnel. Tell me, College girl…
…What does it mean?
You took my life, B. Payback's a bitch.
See ya 'round.
Hi, Joyce.
Mind if I come in?
"Ruby Sunset…" (tosses it) "Burgundy Skyline…" (tosses it) "Harlot." Huh. Way to go, Joyce.
Now, normally? I wouldn't be going with a color this dark, but I read in some magazine, eight months in a coma will damage a girl's natural skin tone.
Good thing pale is in this year.
Or was it last year? (shakes it off) Anyway, for real now. I want to ask you something, and you gotta promise you'll be honest and not spare my feelings just because I could kill you. Promise?
Okay: How do I look?
I was shooting for "sultry," but hey. Bet I know what you're thinking.
You're thinking… (bad drama) "You'll never get away with this." Warm?
Is that a fact?
Whoa, you got a pair on you, Joyce. I like seeing that in a woman your age. (then) Guess you can afford to talk that way. In the "World According to Joyce," Buffy's gonna come crashing through that door any minute.
But look what I found.
"Buffy Summers, Buffy Summers, Buffy…" Lot of letters. She hasn't been by in a while, huh? (off Joyce's silence) And you'd think with a crazy chick like me on the loose, a crazy chick with a wicked grudge against her, no less, she'd call and give you a heads up.
But Buffy's too into her own deal to remember dear ol' mom.
Don't I? I know what it's like. You think you matter - you think you're part of something, and you get dumped. It's like the whole world is moving - but you're stuck. Like those animals in the tar pits? You're sinking a little deeper every day, and nobody even sees…
Don't tell me you don't see it, Joyce. You've served your purpose. Squirted out the kid, raised her up and now you might as well be dead. Nobody cares. Nobody remembers. Especially Buffy, the fabulous super hero. Sooner or later you'll have to face it - she was over us a long time ago. Too busy climbing onto her new boytoy to give a single thought to the people that matter. (getting furious) You're her <u>mother</u> and she just leaves you here to <u>die</u>.
Thought I'd go after the clean marine, didn't you? He's a cutie. Looks like he could use a good roll in the sack…
He's probably just never tried it.
Just something to remember me by once I've moved on.
(whispers, to herself) Cops…