She's a lot more than that. The Slayer's dangerous, is all I'm saying.
No, see, you're not getting it, Mr. Bits. You're gonna be interestingly dead. Little Miss Tiny's got a habit of bolixing up the plans of every would-be unstoppable badass who steps foot in this town.
Yeah, well, I was told there wouldn't be any math. (then) Just wanted you to know, when the Big Ugly goes down, Slayer's gonna be right in the thick of it. You ready for that?
That's right.
Yeah. Well, not at the same time, but, yeah, I killed the hell out of 'em.
(bristling) Watch it, mate. I don't fear anything. I just know my enemies.
Because… (searching) Stinking rotten luck is why. (then) On top of that now I got this buggering chip in my head.
(scoffing) Not likely.
Wow. I mean, yeah. I get why the demons all fall in line with you. You're like Tony Robbins is he was a big, scary Frankenstein-looking… You're exactly like Tony Robbins.
(sigh) Easier said. She's crafty. She and her little friends.
Yeah. There's your… whatcha call it - variable. This slayer's got pals. You want her evening the odds in a scrape, you don't want her slayerettes mucking about.
Yeah, that's a plan. She's working solo, she won't have a chance to come after us when the wild rumpus begins. Plus it'll make her miserable, and I never get tired of that.
Oh yeah. Leave them to me.
Not a blessed thing. They're gonna do it for me.
I think it was my childlike conviction that you couldn't get more pathetic that makes this so depressing.
You know, for someone who's got "Watcher" on his resume, you might want to cast an eye to the front door every now and again. Never know who'll barge in.
Ah. Knew I left one. Buffy around?
Need to speak with the lady of the house. Be a pet and give her a message for me, would you? Tell her I just might have something she just might want.
Information - highly classified. Not cheap word-on-the street prattle, either. I'm talking about the good stuff now.
It's nothing I know. What, you think I'd come running over, saying "I've got a secret, beat me 'til I talk?" (shakes his head) There's files. In the Initiative, I'm pretty sure I know where.
Yeah. Secrets. Mission statements, design schematics… All of Maggie Walsh's dirty laundry, which I guess would include lots of tidbits about --
Well, yeah. Say someone was to risk his life and limb -- well, limb, anyway -- to obtain said files, might be worth a little something…
That person'd be right, Rupert. Supply and demand. You've got a beastie to kill, I need the dosh. And it won't be cheap this time.
Year's supply of blood, guaranteed protection, merry bushels of cash and - most important - a guarantee that I'm not to be in any way slain.
With a smile and a nod from you? Sorry - not close to good enough. This deal's with the Slayer.
Oh, you'll tell her. Great comfort, that. What makes you think she'll listen to you?
Very convincing.
Think you're neglecting the past tense there, Rupert. Besides, she barely listened when you were in charge. I've seen the way she treats you.
Very much like a retired librarian. Look. I've got what she wants - long as she has what I want. Pass the word. She knows where to find me.
Oh, hello. This is just… swell.
Gotta say, liking this quite a lot. Kind of changes the balance of pow-ARRR!
Come on, you've got to be kidding!
It doesn't work? What about self defense? I'm taking a risk here, you know. These Initiative prats aren't keen on letting a fellow pop in and have a bit of a rummage- around. Not twice, anyway.
Oh, you changed your mind? Not gonna join?
Your little girlie-mates were talking… something about being "all you can be" or "all <u>you</u> can be." Having a laugh… I figured you were signing up. Say, you got anything larger in the toy gun line?
(barely listening) T'rific. (examining clothes) You didn't have these cleaned after the last time, did you?
It was just a laugh. Don't have to go insane over it.
Sir, no, Sir.
Think I lost the buggers.
Took what they had. Should be something useful on one of 'em.
No. I mean, a couple of 'em made me on the way out, but I took care of them.
Well, yeah. When do I get paid?
I coulda gone straight to the slayer, you know. I cut you in, let you pretend you're actually in charge. Now you gotta wait for Red's permission to finish the deal?
(moving to them) Gibberish?
Well, why did… can you fix them?
You're not exactly the whiz these days either. God, I'm never getting paid.
No, I just heard you weren't… your mates said you weren't playing with computers so much. Into the new thing.
You know: you two, the whole… wicca thing.
Can we get back to business here? I got a deal at stake.
Talking about, you know, it's a phase, you'll get over it.
She was defending you. 'Cause Xander said you were just being trendy.
I didn't see why they were going on. Person wants to be a witch, that's their business.
Pressing business, ladies. Let's not get sidetracked. Still got your monsters to fight.
That was fun. And I'm no stranger to a good night out. De-flowered a virgin Princess once. Killed a Minister mid-sermon. Even saw the Sex Pistols back in '76. But this …
… this was really special.
Easier than I thought it'd be, too.
Feel it in my bones. It's … call it the Yoko factor. (off Adam's blank stare) Don't tell me you never heard of The Beatles?
What a surprise. Point is, they were once a real, powerful group. Not a stretch to say they ruled the world. And when they broke up, everyone blamed Yoko. But the fact is, the group split itself apart. She just happened to be there. And you know how it is with kids -- they go to college, they grow apart. Way of the world.
Do I have to explain about Yoko again?
So, since we've got all our ducks in a row… and not talking to each other, guess it's time for the grand plan. You know, the one where I get the chipectomy. You got everything you need, right?