I keep thinking, okay, that's the cutest thing ever, and then she does something cuter and completely resets the whole scale.
Yes! I thought I was going to die. (to kitten) I love you, Miss Kitty Fantastico.
It's so cool she's all ours-- yours. That she's yours is cool.
Oh. Kind of psyched-out after Professor Walsh. Maybe something fun like drama. I could be dramatic. (to kitten) You cannot have more catnip! You <u>have a catnip problem</u>.
I haven't even dealt with the housing forms yet. Have you done anything? I hear there's some off- campus places that are way cool for, you know, a group to go in on.
We haven't really talked about it. I used to just assume we'd be roomies through grad school and into little old ladyhood -- you know, cheating at Bingo together and forgetting to take our pills.
(shrugs) But, I don't know. It hardly feels like we're roommates now. She's all busy with Riley, and I'm gone a lot too. And when we are there together, it's just Slayer business talk and feeding Amy the rat. I guess I should ask her…
Any luck with the disk?
Hope so…
Anything about Adam.
They're encrypted.
Crack a government encryption code on my laptop? Easy as really difficult pie.
I am a whiz!
(grumbly) If ever a whiz there was… I just need some time.
What new thing?
They were talking about that?
What'd they say?
What? Who said that?
Was it Buffy? (to Tara) 'Cause you know what she means by that…
Trendy?
I knew Buffy was freaked.
It's still encrypted.
Hours. Days, maybe. Anyone suggesting months would not be accused of crazy talk.
(false enthusiasm) Right! And maybe you'll get lucky and he'll still be there and he can rip your arms off for you! Buffy, you can't go back alone.
Great. And then, when you've got your new no arms, we'll all say, gee, it's a good thing we weren't there getting in the way of that!
Wow. We're already getting in the way. We're good at this, huh, Xander?
(to Buffy) Besides - when is there any "us two?" (to Xander/Buffy) You two are the two who are the two. I'm the other one.
Wait. How do you need me? Really.
(exploding) <u>Witch stuff</u>?! What do you mean by witch stuff?!
Sure, you'd be wonderful in the army -- you think the umbilical cord between you and Anya would stretch that far?
Hey, I'm not the one being judgmental, here. I'll leave that territory to you and Buffy.
It's not today. Buffy, everything's been wrong for a while. Don't you see that?
Buffy, things haven't been right since Tara. We have to face it. You can't handle Tara being my girlfriend.
I don't know anymore--
I don't know anymore--