L.A. woman? (shakes his head) Haven't heard from her. She'll probably come here first thing, though. And… who's your buddy?
So you don't have to be G.I. Joe while your civvies are gettin' washed…
Try those on, you'll feel like a new man.
Okay. So, how you holding up otherwise?
But, as post-Apocalypse splendor goes…
You and me both, big guy.
It's not like I hate the guy. Just, you know, the guts part of him.
What did Buffy tell you?
"And they all lived happily ever after." Did she happen to mention what turned him evil?
One moment's happiness.
It's his trigger. Angel's an okay guy - so long as he's mopey and sad and brooding. But give him even one second of pure, real pleasure…
Only in a big old kill-your- friends kind of way. And you know what makes Angel happiest? Give you a hint: it's not crème brulee.
Hate to be the one to tell ya.
Hey, but that's ancient history, buddy.
No, I'm sure it's boneless. She just needs to make sure that everything's okay. She's probably back already.
You'll feel better when you see her.
Here. You shoulda just kept the ensemble from the last time sneaking into the Initiative. I'm not a clothing delivery service.
Gun doesn't work anyway. It's a fake.
Give it up for American chipmanship.
Can I tell you how much I really don't care?
Boot camp? Yeah, like I'd go there.
(to Anya) Okay, one: ow. Two. (to Spike) Where'd you get that idea? And three: (to Anya) Ow! I am not joining the army.
I was never-- (to Spike) Who told you this?
All I can… can you believe that? Like I'm some useless lunk. It happens that I'm good at lots of things! I help with all kinds of… stuff… I have… skills, and strategems, I'm very… (to Anya) Help me out.
(to Anya) This is <u>so</u> like them lately. It's all about them and the college life. You know what college is? It's high school without the actual <u>going to class</u>. Well, high school was sort of like that too but the point is, I'm the one working hard to earn a living and it's a huge joke to them. (mocking) "Xander got fired from Starbucks." "Xander got fired from the phone sex place…"
(agreeing) And they <u>hate</u> you…
Is anybody talking to you?
So she doesn't go alone. Giles, weapons all around--
Oh. Okay. You and Willow go do the superpower thing. I'll stay behind and putter around the batcave (indicates Giles) with crusty old Alfred here.
Right, and maybe we can help in other ways. Need some fightin' pants, Buff? I could go get you some fightin' pants.
Right. I'm so good at it you might have to ship me off to the army to get me out of the way.
You didn't know I knew about that, did you? You two talking about me behind my back.
Uh-huh. But maybe that all changes when I'm doing sit-ups at Fort Dix.
Stupid. So you finally have the guts to say it to my face…
And if I did join the army I'd be great. You know why? Because maybe they'd give me a job that couldn't be done by any well- trained Border Collie.
I knew it. I <u>knew</u> you hated her.
Oh. And superior. Don't forget that. Just because you're better than us doesn't mean you can be all superior.
No, it was bad before that. Since you two went off to college and forgot about me, just left me in the basement to -- (suddenly, quietly) Tara's your girlfriend?
Clearly not wanted--
Buffy--