Well, Giles and I-
Giles and I are making a little magic shop run this morning. Need to pick up some supplies for my new improved training sessions.
Well, yeah, thanks, it's kinda exci-
What?
No, but, see, Mom…
We're just going to the magic shop.  No school supplies there.
Yes, he'll mind. This is supposed to be  quality Watcher/Slayer time. I told you Dawn totally messed up my training yesterday.
Oh, you know you did, too!
Suck up.
This is a surprise of the nice kind.
Plans? We planned plans?
Oh, right, uh…
Giles is on his way over to pick me up.
Slayer shopping, actually. (defensive) But it's just as important.
You're not mad?
(teeny bit worried) Oh good…
Lotta books on this shopping list you gave me. Any of them come on tape? You know, read by George Clooney or somebody cute like that?
I was kidding. This Betty's ready.  Color me committed.
Put it in "neutral" again, huh.
Giles, are you breaking up with your car?
Little two-door tramp.
Shallow?
Do I hafta?
(to Willow) Where you two headed?
Giles and I figured out a schedule around school. A block of time every day to just focus on my new Slayer training.
Do they make an ointment for that?
Yeah… that reminds me. With the whole  training schedule, I kinda had to drop a class…
So I won't be taking Drama with you.
I know, Will, but Giles was saying-
What happened to "people gotta respect a work ethic?"
Think "odd" just got upped to "bad."
Will?
It's nothing you need to see, Dawn. Go wait outside.
Dawn!
(releasing her) I don't have time for this. Just do like I say and wait here.
Judging by the bite fest I'd say this  was more than one vampire.
Looks like someone's put together a  new fang club.
Shoot. Was that the only copy?
(anxious) What? What is it?!
(interrupting) Deathtrap?
(nodding) I'll get Riley to join me.
Oh, duty. I've got to drop my sister off at home first. (then) My mother's gonna kill me.
What did they take?
Is that valuable?
I didn't bring her to it. It just sorta came upon us…
That's not what I meant.
To patrol. I'm working. It's not like we're going to the sock-hop.
(yelling back) Yes, you do!
So you're saying if I can get a babysitter over here before you leave, I can go  patrol now.
(to Joyce) Xander.
…so then my mom goes off on me about how  I'm supposed to watch Dawn and make sure  she's shielded from stuff that might upset her-
She didn't see him! A foot maybe. A dead  foot. Which is bad, okay, but - hello - I see dead stuff all the time. You don't see mom shielding me.
Thank you, logic boy. Did I mention this is a rant? Sense has no place in it.
Trash can. From a distance it looked kinda…
Not really - more, round and… squat and-
Well, yeah. We have a new vampire gang in town.
I guess. It's just - I know it's always been this way… She's the baby. But, for some  reason, it's really been getting to me lately. She's always around.
Idol? I don't think so. Unless she likes to spill stuff on her idol's new leather pants and-
-and a pesky life-or-death job I can't quit or even take a break from.
Which is what bugs! She gets to be a kid,  and she acts like it's the biggest burden in the world. When, sometimes, all I want to do is curl up in mom's lap and not worry about the  fate of the world. I'd like to be the one who's  all protected, who's waited on-
Har- (snort) Harmony has mi-minions?
I'm sorry… I just… (new laughter) Harmony has minions!
(eyes tearing) I hope so. I'm having trouble breathing. (pulling herself together) Like what?
What?
You can't invite her in. Only someone who lives here can-
Where is she?!
DAWN!
Oh, well, that makes it all right then, doesn't it?
That was before I found out my sister gave Harmony a backstage pass to kill us in our sleep.
No, not all better, Xander. It's not like she hasn't  grown up in this house, knowing the rules…
(an aside) I mean, please, I'd never have Harmony over here when she was alive.
Will everyone <u>stop</u> saying that? I was a kid when I met my first vampire and, somehow, I remembered the rules.
It was common sense. But nobody expects even that much from Dawn, do they?
She's got to be more careful. I can't be there to watch over her twenty-four hours a day. I just can't.
What's that door doing-
What? Anya, what about Dawn?
Oh God. Oh God…
(not looking back) Take care of Anya.
I don't have time to banter with you,  Spike. Where's Harmony's lair?
Where is she?
I know.
Can't say she didn't warn him.
Close your eyes, Dawn.
We've met, Harmony, you half-wit.
Harmony, when you tried being head  cheerleader, you were bad. When you tried to chair the Homecoming committee, you were really  bad. But when you try to be bad… You suck.
You are gonna be in so much trouble  when we get home.
Then I'll have to tell her you ran out of the house  in the middle of the night and got Anya hurt…
Yeah. Got the vamps, and we, uh,  watched some TV.
So how was the exhibit?
Giles, are you sure about this?
Well, apart from the fact that magic shop  owners in Sunnydale have the life expectancy of a Spinal-Tap drummer, have you ever run a store before?
Boy, you've really thought this through. (beat) How bored <u>were</u> you last year?
Well, let's look at the back.
Don't break anything.
Don't touch anything.
What you're doing there is fine. Not moving. Do that.