Focus inward… Let the world fall  away… fall away… fall aw-
I truly do. But I'm certain Riley understands better than anyone the importance of training.
Will you <u>please</u> stop fiddling with the radio and sit down.
We're entering a whole new realm here, Buffy. One for which even I, myself, am not entirely prepared. Are you ready for this commitment?
(shifting the drive shaft) Blast!
Not accustomed to automatic transmissions. I loathe this… Just sitting here, not contributing.  No. No, this just isn't working out.
Well, the damn thing <u>did</u> seduce me.  All red and sporty.
(sighs wearily) I don't know… I've been so at loose ends. Searching for something to make me feel…
Perhaps, as I am going to act as your  watcher again, a modicum of respect might  be appropriate…
I'm actually serious, Buffy. There's going to be far less time for the sort of flighty, frivolous-
Oo, they haven't seen my new car.
Thank you. Handles like a dream.
I can hear you, Willow
That's odd.
Hello? Is anyone here?
I'd make it four, at least.
This could be very serious, Buffy. Whoever's leading this pack of vampires appears to be  interested in learning more about you.  Perhaps searching for weaknesses or- (noticing something) Good lord…
(re: page in binder) I had no idea the profit margin for a shop  like this could be so high.
I mean, look at this… Low overhead, Out- of-State orders, International… No wonder there's never any trouble attracting new  owners. This place is a virtual-
Buffy I think you should begin an  immediate search for their lair.
Impressive square footage…
And I'll bet the deathrate keeps the rent down - oh. Something's been taken from this case. (pointing to a vacant pedestal) See here?
Perhaps an item of great value. Or power. Possibly even-
Which begs the question: what sort of unholy creature fancies cheap tasteless statuary?
Why wouldn't I be?
I was a librarian for years. This is exactly the same, except that people <u>pay</u> for the things they never return. This will give me focus, help me increase my resources - and keep you lot from tramping about my flat at all hours. There may  even be space for you to train in the back.
I watched 'Passions' with Spike. Let us never speak of it.