I'm sorry, the… rest?
I assure you, Mrs. Post, this is the  finest occult reference collection…
Yes, I, I do have that.
Now, Faith, if the council feels you  need closer observations, well of  course we'll all cooperate -
Me?
What do you propose?
Well, there is more than one in Sunnydale.
Twelve. Within city limits.
Well. That was bracing.
I think the council would tend to frown  on that. Well. What do you say to  some training?
There's not a word here about Lagos  or the Glove. We don't have time  for this near-missing. Find all you  can about the demon: His strengths,  weaknesses, place of origin, and  most importantly, how he plans to  use that glove.
Then go home. But if you choose to  stay, work.
Willow. Xander. You may stop your…  studying, I have what I need.
A likely location of the Glove of  Myhnegon. Housed here, in the Von  Hauptman family crypt.
(icy) I looked.
I'm not sure.
Yes, by all means go.
No, I think we're done.
There! The wood engraving, see?  The Glove of Myhnegon.
Ah, yes… Well. (at a loss) Some tea, perhaps?
(offended) Is nowhere near either hell <u>or</u>  a handbasket, thank you.
(fuming now) Mrs. Post. I assure you - Buffy is both  dedicated and industrious. And I am  in <u>complete</u> <u>control</u> of my slayer -
(smiles through gritted teeth) Thank you, that won't be necessary.
You'd better have a seat, Buffy.
We know Angel is alive, Buffy. Xander  saw you with him.
It appears that you've been hiding him.  And that you lied to us -
Don't you? To hide this - to take into  your own hands…
(standing) That's enough! Everybody. Buffy's  heard our concerns. And her actions,  while ill-advised, were understandable…  and the question of Angel… It can't  be solved while tempers run this hot.
Our priority right now is retrieving the  Glove of Myhnegon from the mansion  and finding a way to destroy it. Now -  all of you - back to your classes.
Be quiet.
I won't remind you that the fate of  the world often rests with the Slayer.  What would be the point? Nor shall  I remind you that you have jeopardized  the lives of everyone you know by  housing a known murderer. But sadly  I must remind you that <u>Angel tortured me</u>.  For hours. For pleasure. You should  have told me he was alive. You didn't.  You have no respect for me, or the job  I perform.
Yes. I'm sorry about asking you here  at this hour.
(sensing tiredness) Would you like some tea?
She's your first slayer, I take it?
(softly) I'm not. I have complete respect  for your methods, in my own,  American way.
I also have the glove. (off her look) It's not on me, but I believe it's safe  for now. There's a mansion on  Crawford Street, a… friend of  Buffy's is keeping it there.
Or better still. Destroy it.
I know. I didn't realize it could  be done either. It requires transforming  fire into Living Flame and burning  the glove… It's complex, but I believe  I have all the necessary materials. We  can drive over there now and be done  with it.
Wait!
The Glove… of Myhnegon.  Must destroy…
(to Buffy) Use… Living Flame.
She was kicked out by the council  two years ago for misuses of dark  power. They swear there was a  memo…
Yes, well, we'll have to let that one  unfold, won't we?