(to Faith) You telegraph punches, (to Buffy) leave blind sides open and, for a  school night slaying, you both take  entirely too much time. Which one  of you is Faith?
Gwendolyn Post. Mrs. Your new  watcher.
Duly noted, and fortunately, it's not  up to you. (to Giles) Mr. Giles - where do you keep the  rest of your books?
Yes, the actual library. (beat) Oh. I see.
…this side of the Atlantic, I'm sure.  Do you have Hume's Paranormal  Encyclopedia? (Giles doesn't) The Labyrinth maps of Malta? (nope) I suppose you have Sir Robert  Kane's Twilight Compendium?
(condescendingly  disdainful) Yes, of course you do. I've been sent  by the council for a very important  reason. Faith needs a watcher. I am  to act in that capacity, and report back.
(to Giles) The council wishes me to report  on the entire situation here.  Including you.
The fact is, there is talk in the council  that you've become a bit too… American.
Operations here seem somewhat  haphazard. Sloppy. Faith. Sit  up straight and pay attention.
A demon named Lagos is coming  here, to the Hellmouth. Mr. Giles,  an illustration of Lagos, if you please.
Perhaps later. Lagos seeks the  Glove of Myhnegon. No record of  this glove's full power exists. We do  know it is highly dangerous, and  cannot fall in the hands of a demon.  Lagos must be stopped.
(witheringly) If it's not too radical a suggestion, I  thought we might kill him. I suggest  two slayers at full strength for a  coordinated hunt. We believe the  glove to be buried in a tomb  somewhere, so Lagos will be headed  for the cemetery.
I see. How many?
Ah. Well, we shall have to take them  one at a time. Anything in your books  that might pinpoint the exact location  of the tomb would be useful but then,  we cannot ask for miracles. We'll  begin tomorrow at sunset. Faith!  With me, please.
Yes, engraved by Father Theodore  of Wolsham, based I believe on  very sketchy and unreliable folk  legends. The pictures are fun to  look at, Mr. Giles, but one ought  to read the nice words as well.
I know you must find me tiresome -  but it's insidious, really. A person  slips up on the little things…
And soon everything's gone to hell  in a handbasket.
For example, Buffy, your slayer -
Not yet. But the signs are daunting.  Finding the Glove of Myhnegon is  of the utmost urgency. Yet - Buffy's  attitude toward it is most casual. And  your ability to influence her seems - negligible. (then) I can see why the council of watchers  is concerned.
Would you like some assistance?
A word of advice? Vampires rarely  knock. Especially in daylight.
So… this is your home.
Faith. Do you know who the  Spartans were?
They were the fiercest warriors known  to ancient Greece. And they lived in  quarters very much like these. You  know why?
Because a true fighter needs nothing else.
I'm going to be very hard on you,  Faith. I will not brook insolence, or  laziness. I won't allow blunders like  last night's attack. You will probably  hate me a great deal of the time.
But I will make you a better slayer,  and that will keep you alive. You  have to trust that I'm right. God  only knows what Mr. Giles has  been filling your head with.
His methods are unfathomable to  me. I find him entirely confounding… (catches herself in reverie) But that's not important. Let him  have his games and secret meetings -
I don't know. Something between  Buffy and her friends.
And why does he let her socialize  so much, it hardly seems… No  matter. Do you feel like doing  some training?
That's the idea.
You wanted to see me,  Mr. Giles?
Please. A good watcher is awake and  alert at all hours.
(dropping the stiff act) God, yes, please. I'm completely  fagged out.
I spent the afternoon training with  Faith. She doesn't lack for energy.
If you're questioning my qualifications -
We have to get to it. Immediately.  Hide it before someone else finds it.
Destroy it?
(overwhelmed) I must say, Mr. Giles - good show.
Good show indeed.
Gwen Post. Mr. Giles sent me.
To help you destroy the glove. Is that  the Living Flame?
Look, I'm sorry to be abrupt but  Lagos is on his way here now.  If you're doing the ritual incorrectly  it will only make the glove more  powerful.
Good. Where's the glove?
That's what I love about this town.  Everyone is so helpful.
Oh, bugger.
It was supposed to kill you. If you'd  been human, it would have. But…
I believe this is your poison.
Faith…
She doesn't… know… She's blinded  by love…
Faith… trust me…
The glove…
(to Xander) Help Faith…
Finally!
(in Gaelic) Tar chugam a chumhacht Myhnegon!
(English translation) Come to me, power of Myhnegon!
Faith, a word of advice. You're an idiot.
(in Gaelic) Tar frim!
(English translation) Come through me!
(in Gaelic) Tar frim!
(English translation) Come through me!
(in Gaelic) Tar frim!
(English translation) Come through me!
There's nothing you can do to  me now. I have the Glove, and  with the glove comes the power!
(in Gaelic) Tar frim!
(English translation) Come through me!