I dunno, I was going for ferocious scary,  but it's coming out more dryly sardonic.
What do you think, Buff?
O-kay. And on that happy note… Got a treat for tomorrow night's second annual Halloween screening, people: (grabs video box) Prepare to have your spines tingled  and your gooses bumped by the terrifying… (reading box spine) "<u>Fantasia</u>?!"
<u>Phantasm</u>! This was supposed to be <u>Phantasm</u>. Stupid video store.
What thing?
Yeah? What? There's a party?
(defensive) It's cool. You guys have a little college thing. Hey, fine by me. I got better things to do than tag along to some fraternity-
'kay.  (qualifying) But only because I lied about having better things to do.
Now? The night's… (checks his watch) Okay, a little mature, but still…
Sad Buffy.
Bailing on the Buff. Does anyone else wanna smack that guy?
(catching his breath) Anya. You really gotta get this knocking thing down. How did you-?
The man likes his schnapps. What are you doing here?
You said you were over me.
Well, that's the funny thing about me: I tend to hear the actual words people say and accept them at face value.
I accept that. (with some affection) I can't say seeing you falls into the realm of a bad thing.
Anniversary.
No! Of course not. It's just that I already have plans  with Buffy, Willow and Oz. It's Halloween, you know.
Well, every October 31st, we mortals dress up in masks and-
(becoming agitated) What are you talking about?
(defensive) Hey, those things… The bonds of true friendship transcend any… (trailing off) Could we just change the subject?
If you want, you can come with me tonight to this party. You could observe healthy human relationships and catch a rare glimpse of the ever elusive frat guy throwing up on himself.
There are definitely date-like qualities at work here.
You'll need a costume.
Dress up. You know, something scary.
Anya, you - ex-demon - terrorized mankind for  centuries. I'm sure you'll come up with something.
Interesting little design. What's it mean?
(noticing) Oo, grapes!
Wow. Peeled. You guys know how to spoil your guests.
And here I was wasting time buying 'em flowers  and complimenting them on their shoes. (looking around) So you go through the whole house of horrors downstairs and end up here. Sweet. You fratly guys have a nice set up.
Hey, standing right here!
Sensing a disturbance in the Force, Master?
And you think stabbing it is the proper response.
Oz?
(quite the wolf) Whatchya got in that basket, little girl?
Oh.
(correcting her) Bond. James Bond. Insurance, you know - in case we all turn into our costumes again, I'm going for cool secret agent guy.
As long as I'm cool and I wield some kind of power.
Hail, ye olde…varletty… thou.
(to Oz) And you are… ?
Of course.
Wish I'd thought of that before I put my deposit down. I could've been God.
Oh, yeah. I invited Anya to join us, but she's having some trouble finding a scary costume, so she's going to meet us there.
Technically speaking, you're a fifth wheel.
The joint's not jumpin'. Where is everybody?
I wasn't scared. I was in the spirit.
What is it?
Okay, actual creeps have been given. Bravo frat boys -
It's these rented shoes. Patent leather. I asked the guy to break them in for me-
Look, maybe it's nothing. Maybe it's just a neat trick. Something done with wires or-
Or it might be something else.
Where's the stairs?
(listening) My turn, did anyone hear that?
Like I said.
Sounds like a hissing.
(a little annoyed) Thought the word "hissing" kinda covered that nicely.
He's in shock.
Let me see.
Let's all take a breath. Buffy, maybe we-
Well, that was a bunch of laughs. Look, Buff, we're all tired and a little on edge. Maybe Willow's overreacting. I'm sure part of it's 'cause of how you've been pushing- away girl lately. But now's not the time to let that stuff tear us apart.
What I'm saying is, I'm still with you. Right by your side, all the-
Funny. Nice to see you haven't lost your sense of inappropriate humor.
Okay, cut it out, Buffy! Skit over. I'm right here. (growing worried) Here! (yelling) BUFFY!
Typical?
Buff--?
Will!
We got trouble. There's something terribly wrong with Buffy. She can't even tell that I'm -
There I am. Didn't go anywhere. Great. Just have to live with the fact that no one else can see me!
I'd offer my opinion, but you jerks aren't going to hear it anyway. Not that "didn't go to college boy" is worth  listening to, might as well just hang out with my new best friend, "Bleeding Dummy Head" for all you dorks care.
(shocked) Y-you heard that? You can see me? (shakily) Good. Oh God, that's good.
I saw them painting it. They were copying it out of… (scanning the room) That.
Gachnar?
Well if we close our eyes and say it's all just a dream it'll <b>stab us to death</b>. These things are real.
Great plan! Let's go!
Giles? Look, it's Giles! (then, surprised) With a chainsaw.
Glad you could make it…
Whatever we're doing, let's do it fast.
Big overture, little show.
(baby-talk) Who's a little fear demon? C'mon, who's a lit-tle fear demon?
Why? Can he hurt me?
That's your scary costume?