We think the cat peed on it.
Much more durable than their hot plates.
What are you doing? I have a dislocated  shoulder and I'm trying to concentrate  on the kicking movie.
But you have references!
I want it. Pay anything.
We could have Scooby meetings in  the living room. Giles can explain  the boring things over here.
He'll take it! Xander, go get the furniture, I'll wait here. (to the manager) He lives in his drunken parents' basement where something urinated on the hot plate.
But why <u>can't</u> we have it?
So when I want to visit you I  have to be in that awful basement?
Which is when, Xander? 'Cause right now things are looking pretty un-together and you can't expect me to just wait around-
What's going on is my arm is hurt and I'm tired and I don't really feel like finishing the tour of beautiful things I can't have.
(to machine) Am not.
You're lying. It's a trick.
You really got this apartment?
The ceiling fans? They're very attractive.
What do you mean? I got your phone message, that's all.
So what happens next?
I mean, what's next in our lives? When do we get a car?
And a boat. No, wait. I don't mean a boat. I mean a puppy. Or a child? I have a list somewhere.
Just, we have to get going. I don't have time to just <u>let</u> these things happen.
Yes, there is. There's a hurry Xander. I'm dying. (beat) I may have as few as fifty years left.
What? About the sling?
That's not it.
You don't understand what it's like.
You can't make it any different. I'm going to get old and you can't promise you'll be with me when I'm wrinkly and my teeth are artificial and stuck into my wrinkly mouth with an adhesive.
Xander! Xander?
(to Xander-Double, re Xander) What is it? Make him go away!
I don't know.
No! Don't shoot him!
That's my gun! He has my gun!
Buffy! Which one's real?
Different properties?
Isn't anyone going to tell me why there are two Xanders?
So, you Xanders, you really do have all the same memories, <u>all</u> the same... physical... attributes?
Maybe we shouldn't do this reintegration thing right away. See, I could take the boys home, have sex with all of us, then we could just slap ‘em back together in the morning.
(to herself) It's not like it'd be cheating. They're both Xander.
What do we do if it doesn't work?
I liked it the other way. Put ‘em back.
Yes. I'm feeling better and I anticipate many years before my death, excepting  disease or air bag failure.
Oooh, a present!
Me? Buffy has super strength, let's just load her up like one of those little horses.
Fine. I'm just your slave.