"Miscellaneous curses." Brilliant. Be lucky not to curse my hands right off.
Gahhhh!
Rabbit's foot. No, wait.
Like this… and this!
Well, hurt… maybe not hurt…
Yes, yes, I imagine it gave him rather a turn.
Sort of, more… turned and swept out majestically, I suppose. Said I didn't concern him.
Well, I'm not dead or unconscious, so I say bravo for me.
Toth.
(Patiently) No. Toth is the name of the demon. (consulting book) Ancient demon… very strong… last  survivor of the Tothic Clan. It also says that for a demon he's unusually sophisticated.
They're referring to the fact that he  does not fight barehanded. He uses tools,  devices. He's also supposed to be very focused. An since he mentioned "The Slayer" I think we know what the focus is-
There's no mention of the types of places he might frequent. But I have an idea. He had a specific… olfactory presence.
What's intriguing is that there are any number of demons with the ability to mimic a simple form, but this sounds like more than that--
I suppose... yes, it makes sense. A shape-shifting device.
I swear, that time I <u>know</u> I had that locked.
Oh dear lord.
I said <u>oh dear lord</u>.
Well, it's always important! Neither one of the Xanders is a demon.
What? No. The rod device, it's called a  Ferula-gemina. It splits one person into half, distilling personality traits into two separate bodies. As near as I can tell Toth was attempting to split the Slayer into two different entities.
Yes, one of them with all the qualities inherent in Buffy Summers. The other with everything that belongs to the  Slayer alone: the strength and speed, the heritage. When it hit Xander, I think it separated him into his strongest  qualities and his... weakest.
They're <u>both</u> real. They're both Xander. Neither of them is evil. There's nothing in either of them that <u>our</u> Xander didn't already posses.
But the two halves can't exist without the other. Kill the weaker Buffy half and the Slayer half dies.
Now, we need to arrange the candles. Also, we can continue to pretend we heard none of this disturbing sex talk.
Yes. He's clearly a bad influence on himself.