Think so?
I'm almost certain you're not. Though, to be fair, I haven't been listening.
Not as such.
Hmm. Rather reckless of him.
All that aside, I should think you'd be  pleased to avoid the confrontation.
In any event, since you're all here,  Tara and I could use some help  researching Buffy's mystery woman.
(to customer) Ahh. Weeping Buddha... Deeply mystical. And it makes a lovely paperweight.
(to customer) Thank you, come again. (to Tara) Something new, you mean.
(finishes the thought) "That which cannot be named."
Predates language itself.
If Tara's right, then we're blind. There's no way for us to determine her moves, her habits. (he turns back, thinking) Where she'll turn up nex--
Oh. I beg your--
(to Glory) Of course. Did you find everything  alright?
Good. Your change... your copy of the receipt... and thank you.
She could be anywhere. But if she's as  powerful as Buffy says, I imagine it  won't be long before she makes her  presence known...
Anya, your "heys" are startling the customers.
Yes, I believe I did.
Allow me to answer that question with a firing.
Be that as it may, I still don't see any  reason for concern. Sobekian  transmogrification spells have been  lost for thousands of years. And the  young woman I sold them to would  have to be someone of enormous pow--
Oh, Dear God...
(gently) The truth is, the mystical and the medical aren't meant to mix, Buffy. I'm sorry - but the human brain is very delicate. Too much can go wrong.
Anya. Buffy doesn't need to hear about your clumsiness right now-
Nothing to concern you. Now-
That demon woman was here. The one who attacked you.
No, thankfully, there wasn't any violence to speak of.
(defensive) Well, I didn't know it was her. I mean, how could I? (then) If it's any consolation, I may have overcharged her.
We've managed to decipher the markings on the blood stone I sol-- (then) --she left with. "Cobra." She's going to transmogrify a cobra.
That's the part... We're working on it.
Buffy-
"Alister Crowley Sings?" No, sadly, I don't carry it... But I do have some lovely whale sounds-
Excuse me a moment.
She left a little while ago.
"Let" isn't really a factor when Buffy sets her mind to something - you know that.
Magic Box. Your one-stop spot to shop for all your--
Buffy? Are you all right?
Are you badly hurt? I'm coming right over--
All right. I'll tell the others. We'll get weapons and fan out for--
Understood. We'll keep her safe here, until you arrive.
Yes?
We'll not say a word.
None.
We will.