(mid-explanation) ...so Maggie sends me down into the sewers with one of those blasto guns. Next thing I know, it's raining monsters.
(ignoring) And this <u>gate</u> slams down behind me... and I try to use the gun, but it goes, pffft! 
That's what I'm saying. She sent  me on a one-way recon. 
What does my taste in men have to  do with this? 
Riley? You think that he had  something to do with this?
(shaken) Right... Remiss. (then) I - no... I mean, no. Maggie made sure he was nowhere around when she handed out the very special "make Buffy dead" assignment.
(back on topic) All I know is that Maggie has it in for me. And that means The Initiative has it in for me.
Getting us back to the "not safe for any of us" concept.
I don't know. She didn't dig the fact that I was asking a lot of questions, that's for sure.
Everybody grab a weapon. We've got to move.
I was more thinking that we'd hide.
We need to relocate to someplace we're less likely to be found. Come up with a plan.
(shakes her head) The Initiative guys know how close we are. They'll automatically check the places you hang out. (then) Xander - what about your basement? The guys haven't seen us together much. And your basement's big enough -
You know?
Maggie - she tried to kill me
What?
That's - his name is Spike. It's a... really long story. But he's  not bad anymore.
It's not like that. 
What about 314? Maybe that's it -
Then why did she tell you I was dead? Riley - this was no test -
Riley - 
Riley - 
(in all seriousness) That would never happen.
Could we - not? Everything's screwed up enough without you two doing scenes from my parents' marriage.
Thank you.
I don't know. Seems like things could get heavier. I mean, his world's falling apart.
That was the idea. Riley was  supposed to be Mr. Joe Guy. We were supposed to do dumb stuff - like hold hands through the daisies going, "tra, la, la..."
I'll try to remember that. Anyway,  it's too late. I'm already at the "I hurt  when he hurts, I smile when he smiles" stage.
So - I just have to make it work.
No. No bet. I will <u>make</u> it work.
The Polgara demon had a skewer in his arm. That was the one Maggie specifically wanted us to bring back alive.
I'm not going to. I'm going to the crime scene and see what I can find out. You guys research the Polgara demon - I want to know where it is. And when I find it - I'm going to make him pay for taking that kid's life. I'll make him die in ways he can't even imagine.
Hey.
Look - I'm sorry about earlier. I know everyone came on pretty strong, and the Spike thing - it isn't as totally tweaked as it looks. (off his silence) Okay - maybe it is - but there's an  explanation that almost makes sense...
Happy? How can you say that? Of course I'm not. What happened? Who killed her?
Classified? Riley - (holding it together) The Polgara. It got her - then it escaped. (nothing from him) Didn't it?
I missed you too. Joint's jumping.
What, you mean, as a double dealing snitch?
That's swell, really, but I still need to know if you've heard  anything about a Polgara demon doing some killing over the last few days.
I'm going to have to punch you, aren't I?
(sotto) Not yet. I didn't touch you -
The Polgara. What do you know?
And that was the last you heard.
What about those "army" guys? What's the talk about them? Anybody mentioned something called 314?
What are you doing? Following me?
Smooth, Officer Riley. They teach you those undercover moves in special forces?
Leave him. He's human - (then) Riley, you're shaking - 
You have the truth. You're just too screwed up to see it now  because of what happened to Professor Walsh. Now let me go -
Riley - 
Riley, no.
Why don't you lie down? You'll be more comfortable.
(alarmed) No. You're hurting yourself. Come on -
Shhhh. You're sick. Once you get some rest -
Riley -
No. Don't even think that. (then) Now listen to me. You just need to  get some sleep. Come on, lie down.
This isn't just grief making him act  this way. Something's affecting him  physically - and it's getting worse.
I don't know. But I'm ready to  find out.
She must have kept records somewhere. About Riley and 314 and all of it. And I doubt she was  the only person at the Initiative who  knew what she was up to.
Giles and Anya will keep researching.  Xander, you and I will go in undercover.
He's the only one with military experience.
I have my clearance. I'm hoping Maggie never had time to revoke it.
Then we'll just have to keep looking.
Usually are this time of -
Shhh. Just -
Sorry. It's just - I'm the only one who can pass the retinal scan.
Retinal scan, Xander. (tense) In a few seconds we'll find out if my clearance is still good.
I know.
Please. Do you think we could draw  more attention to ourselves?
You know, I don't generally like to kill  humans - but I've learned it pays to be  flexible in life.
(mock disappointment) Oh - darn - so this wasn't a surprise. (deadly) I want you to tell me what you did to  Riley. And after that, we can take a  tour of room 314.
What? I didn't -
Riley - he can tell us what we need  to know.
Why? Spell it out for me. I feel an  attack of dumb blonde coming on.
(tightening her grip) Think harder.
Project? 314?
Riley. Listen - I heard Angleman say that she was feeding you drugs -
If you'll just listen. All I'm trying to  do is help you get to the truth -
Stop it! I didn't do anything!
She pieced you together out of parts  of other demons.
Riley...
Riley!
Riley. Are you -
It's not the Polgara. It kind of looks  like a man -
He needs a hospital.
No. I'm going with him -
But -
Riley...
Nothing. The Initiative probably has him locked in a medical ward...  And I can't get near him - not until  I have a better plan than storming  in there and getting us all shot.
What am I going to do? He needs help - and I'm shut out.
But it's not like I can spend all my  energy going after The Initiative  now. Not while Adam's out there.
I could barely fight him. It sounded  like Maggie designed him to be the  ultimate warrior. He's smart, and fast...  He gave the commando guys the slip  with no problem.
I'd say the part where he's pure evil  and kills randomly was an oversight... (overwhelmed) I shouldn't have let them take Riley.  I need to be with him. I need to tell  him I'm...
How can he be? Everything he ever believed has been taken away, or...  He's all alone, Will. He has nothing  to hold on to...