Plus, Riley - he seems like he  wouldn't tell a white lie, let  alone a whole lot of big, fat dirty ones.
Scary, on so many levels. 
We could go to my house.
Plus - mirror ball.
Well, no, Buff. That's why they call them cartoons and not documentaries...
Look who's a cranky bear in the morning.
(to Buffy) It'll be okay. Riley's just confused,  that's all.
(sincere) Poor Buffy. Your life resists all things average.
(encouraging) I bet you will.
Buffy. It's not your fault. How could you know?
Howdy.
I had so much fun the other night. Those spells...
(awkward) I hope you don't think I just come over for the spells and everything. I mean, I really like just talking and hanging out with you and stuff.
(sheepishly) Yeah. But only because it's really  important. There's this - 
(pleased) You have? Oh. (then/excited) This one should be fun too. We  conjure the Goddess Thespia to help us locate the demonic energy in the area. Shouldn't be too tricky.
(mock scoffing) You and me? This is beneath us.
(smiles) Right. It's like a map. We each take different parts of the potion -  and when we do the incantation,  we blow it onto the square at the  exact same time.
That's the cool part. When the potion  mixes and Thespia is called, it  creates a mist over the parts where  the demons are. It even makes  different colors for different breeds.
You ready?
Thespia, goddess, ruler of all darkness - we implore you - open a window to the world of the underbeing.
It wasn't even like the spell went wrong. It just - wouldn't.
Really? Is Riley okay?
So - how has he been hiding in Sunnydale for the last two days without anybody seeing him?
Oh! God, you -
She went out. Can I get you something?
She went to find out what's making you sick, Riley.
She's just trying to help you -
Riley, listen -
No. You're going to get her killed  if you -
...no word from Riley?
Yeah. You might want to work the kinks out of that one.
You'll find a way.
He's that big a threat?
(also shaken) There's got to be a flaw...
(not so sure) I'm sure he's okay.