Used for?
Buffy, I'm aware of your distaste for studying the vibratory stones, but as it's part of your training, I'd appreciate your glib-free attention.
Faith is not interested in proper  training, so I rely on you to keep up with yours.
And as for patrolling, you'll be out there soon enough, why so anxious?
Due time. For the present, if it's not entirely beyond your capabilities... try to concentrate.
Bit early in the day...
Wrong?
Ah. Maybe you shouldn't -
Well... probably you've just  contracted a flu-bug or something.
Buffy, with precautions, there's no reason to think you'll end up in the hospital like last time.
Perhaps you should take it easy for the next forty-eight hours. Forego any more patrolling until you're  feeling yourself again.
Thank you.
I thought we'd start with the  Grounding Crystal again.
Now, look very carefully for the tiny  flaw at its core.
Buffy, I think we need to concentrate  now.
Look for the flaw at its center.
Buffy?
Best take care of that. Why don't  you...
Good night.
All right. Calm yourself.
A girl?
Nasty bruise.
Buffy, I assure you, given time, we'll get to the bottom of whatever's causing this... anomaly.
I give you my word.
You know, I've always had nothing  but the utmost respect for the council. I've followed their dictates to the letter. But this...
(cutting him off) It's an antiquated exercise in cruelty. Locking her in this tomb... weakened, defenseless... (re: Kralik's crate) unleashing <u>that </u>on her. (then) If any one of the council still had  actual contact with a slayer they'd see. But <u>I'm</u> the one in the thick of it.
I'm not. No test is necessary of  her - especially not one as...  as perverse as this. (then) I'm appealing to you as a friend and colleague, Quentin. I know you can  put a stop to it.
Or she'll be dead for it.
Not yet.
(calling out) Quentin?
Hello? Quentin? Hob-
Hurry!
Don't speak.
It's an organic compound of muscle relaxants, adrenal suppressors... The effect is temporary. You'll be yourself again in a few days.
A mesmerizing crystal. Stare at it for more than a few seconds and  it puts one in a deep trance. While you were... under, I-
It's a test, Buffy. The Tento di  Cruciamentum. It's given to slayers when they reach - if they reach  their eighteenth birthday.
The Slayer is disabled then  entrapped with a vampire foe whom she's to defeat in order to pass. (pacing) The vampire you were to face  has escaped. His name is Zackary Kralik. As a human, he'd murdered, tortured, more than a dozen young  women before being committed to a sanitarium for the criminally insane when a vamp-
I wanted to...
In matters of tradition and protocol, I have to answer to the Council.
My role in this was specific... I was to administer the injections, then direct you to the old boarding house on Prescott Lane-
Buffy, please -
(reaches for her arm) I'm deeply sorry, Buffy, you have to understand-
You have to listen to me. Because I have told you this, the test is invalidated. You'll be safe, I promise. Whatever I have to do, to deal with  Kralik and to win back your trust -
Buffy you can't walk home alone - It isn't safe!
I've been trying to reach you.
Then you know what's happened.
He's killed Hobson. And made Blair  his own - your perfectly controlled  test has spun rather impressively out of control, don't you think?
Then allow me. I've told Buffy everything.
Yes - interestingly enough, I don't give a rat's ass about the council's  orders. There will be no test.
Why...?
This isn't business.
You're <b>waging</b> a war. She's fighting it. There is a difference.
The test is done. We're finished.
On what grounds?
I'm not going anywhere.
We're very clear.
Let me see...