How much longer, Hobson?
Once you've finished, you and Blair can get some rest... (a warning) ... but sleep in shifts.
We're getting very close...
The Cruciamentum is not easy. For  slayer or watcher. But it's been done  this way for a dozen centuries.  Whenever a slayer turns eighteen. It's a time-honored rite of passage-
Which is why you're not qualified to make this decision. You're too close.
I'm sorry. A slayer must be more than physical prowess. She must have cunning, imagination... a  confidence derived from self-reliance. Believe me, once this is all over - your  Buffy will be stronger for it.
Rupert...
If this girl's everything you say, then you've nothing to worry about.
Take care of it.
Come on! Come on!
That's enough. Close it up.
I am. As long as we give him his medicine...
And the opportunity to kill a slayer.
I was on watch, by the boarding house.
Yes.
It changes nothing.
That is in direct opposition to the council's orders.
The test has already begun.
Your slayer entered the field of play  about ten minutes ago.
I don't know - I returned there just  as she entered.
Giles, we have no business interfering -
You exhibited extraordinary courage and clearheadedness in battle. The  council is very pleased.
I understand that you're upset -
You think the test was unfair?
We're not in the business of 'fair', Miss Summers. We're fighting a war.
Mr. Giles, if you don't mind-
Not quite. She passed. You didn't.
The Slayer isn't the only one who must perform in this situation. I have  recommended to the council, and they  have agreed, that you be relieved of  your duties as watcher effective  immediately. You're fired.
Your affection for your charge has  rendered you incapable of clear and  impartial judgment. You have a father's love for the child and that is useless to the cause.
It would be best for you not to have further contact with the Slayer-
No, well, I didn't expect you to adhere to that. However, if you interfere with  the new watcher or try to countermand his authority in any way you will be dealt  with. Are we clear.
(to Buffy) Congratulations again.
(turning to go) Yes. Well. Colorful girl.