I was robbed of them!
For a thousand years I wielded the power of the wish. I brought ruin upon the heads of unfaithful men, I offered destruction and chaos for the pleasure of the lowers beings. I was feared and worshipped across the mortal globe and now I'm stuck at Sunnydale High! A mortal! A child! And I'm flunking math.
Give me another chance. You can fold the fabric of time. Send me back to that moment and I'll change it. I won't fail again.
Do you have any idea how boring twelfth graders are? I'm getting my powercenter back. And if you won't help me then by the pestilent gods I'll find someone who will.
Willow?
Anya. I'm sort of new here. I know Cordelia...
Listen, I have this little project I'm working on, and I heard you were the person to ask --
It's nothing big. Just a little spell I'm working on.
Yeah. I need a secondary to create a temporal fold. I heard you were a pretty powerful wicca, so...
Oh, no.
The necklace was a family heirloom. Passed down for generations, then it was stolen from my Mom's apartment.
We both call on Eyrishon, the endless one. Offer up the standard supplication. Then there's a teensy temporal fold - we hope -- I pour the sacred sand on the representation of the necklace and Eyrishon brings it forth from the time and place where it was lost.
Of course, there's a lot of theory there, but I figure it's worth a shot. Are we ready?
Eyrishon. K'shala. Meh-uhn.
The child to the mother.
Eyrishon. Hear my prayer.
(looking for her necklace) It's not here. It's not here!
Oh, don't be such a wimp.
I swear, I'm just trying to find my necklace.
Look, we'll try again, and if --
I can't do it by myself!
Fine. Go! Idiot child.
Nothing. Nothing!
What a day...
Gimme a beer.
(losing it completely) <b>I'm eleven hundred and twenty years old! Just give me a friggin' BEER!</b>
Give me a coke.
Because he thinks you're someone else.
He thinks you're the Willow that belongs in this reality.
You know this isn't your world. You know you don't belong here.
You want to get back there.
So do I.
Where is she?
How could you kill her? She was our best shot at getting your world back!
Vampires. Always thinking with your teeth.
(gets it) Wait a minute!
Oh, nice try.
Why don't we start with you? (to Alphonse) If she's a vampire, I'm the creature from the black lagoon.
I'm just so tired of being around humans and all their baggage, I don't care if I ever get my power back, I think he should eat you.
(simultaneously) Uh huh. Most humans could, yeah ...
I don't need tricks. When I have my powers back you will all grovel before me.