The Watcher council shrink is heavily into tests. He's got tests for everything. T.A.T.'s, rorschach, associative logic... (finishes sit ups) They have that test to see if you're crazy that asks if you hear voices or have ever wanted to be a florist.
(re: pencil) Neat.
Pass. I'm gonna hit the pool, do some laps.
Well, they've really got us running around on the physical side, too. A lot of precision training and reflex evaluation, and I just wanna... do...
(contrite) So very shallow.
I know Faith isn't exactly on the cover of Sanity Fair, but she's had it rough. Different circumstances, that could be me.
We can't control the way we grow up.
I'm sorry, I know you hate talking about Faith...
Really, I --
Uh, Will?
Emotional control.
So he threatened you? With what?
Snyder needs me to kick his ass.
I better change.
Hey!
(to Xander) What did I tell you? Old reliable.
What?
Oh, Will, I didn't mean --
Xander, I beg you not to help me. (to Will) Will, I didn't mean it in a bad way. I think it's good to be reliable.
Willow, I really didn't mean --
Oh.
Xander, there you are.
Aren't you going to introduce me to your -- holy god you're Willow.
Okay, well, you know what? I like the look. It's extreme, but it looks good, it's a leather thing, it's very... I said extreme already, right?
Will, I'm sorry about today. You know how my foot likes to be in my mouth sometimes, but you really don't have to prove--
Willow, wait --
I can't feel anything. Arms or legs or anything...
We just saw her at lunch... how could...
(emotion rising) No, it's me... it's me, I called her reliable, she must have gone out and gotten attacked which she wouldn't have done except I called her reliable and now my best friend is --
Willow? You're alive?
But you are, I mean you were... Giles, you planning to step in with an explanation any time soon?
It was you, Willow, in every detail. Except for your not being a dominatrix... as far as we know.
Oh yeah.
Angel... What is it?
We saw her too. At the Bronze.
Then we can worry about who she is after we stop a feeding frenzy.
How many are there?
(to Giles) Should we call Faith?
I don't know, Will. We've just gotta stop them --
Just remember, a vampire's personality has nothing to do with the person it was.
I have a really bad idea...
You okay in that?
First sign of trouble, you give the signal. We come in hard and fast.
You sure you're up to this?
We're right outside.
Well, I work out.
(to Willow) I'm not sure about releasing this thing into the wild, Will. It is a Demon.
No, me neither.
You wanna go out tonight?
You know, you can O.D. on virtue.
You wanna go out tonight?