That's good. Uh, i'm in Florence, Italy. I've rented a scooter which is parked outside. I'm in a little restaurant having ziti and there's no more tables so they have to seat this guy with me and it's John Cusack.
(excited) 'Cause, with the ziti.
You never come up with anything new.
You think Giles ever played "Anywhere But Here" in school?
You don't think he ever got restless when he was little?
That you'll die a virgin? Oh. The nihilism thing. Sorry. Missed the funny there.
(aside, to Xander) Feel the passion.
(coughs) Coughing, not speaking.
Can't you just imagine them getting together?
And the abacus.
Ahhh. You miss your friends.
He's all right, isn't he?
You went by his place? He has a place? (off their looks) Of course he has a... I just never think of him living anywhere outside the library. So there was weirdness?
But... tea, right?
Xander.
No.
I'm not getting close enough to feel his pulse, but I've gotta say he looks  pretty dead.
That's something you don't see  every day.
So what Giles just said about staying out of it --
I can try the net, but the mark of Eyghon sounds like a Giles and his books kind of deal.
Ah! Aha! It's not Egyptian it's Etruscan,  mistaken for Egyptian by the design  pattern but any fool can see it pre-dates  their iconology...
Look at this: the Mark Of Eyghon, worn by his initiates. (reads) "Eyghon, also called the Sleepwalker, can only exist in this reality by possessing an unconscious host. Temporary possession imbues the host with a euphoric feeling of power."
"Unless the proper rituals are observed,  the possession is permanent, and Eyghon  will be born from within the host."
Hey, listen. "Once called, Eyghon can also take possession of the dead, but its demonic energy soon disintegrates the host and it must jump to the nearest dead or unconscious person to continue living."
(has been skimming) Well, I don't know about Giles, but ancient sects used to induce possession for bacchanals and orgies.
Did you find anything?
That's Giles?
We have to figure out how to kill this thing. And we have to do it fast.
That's for a heretic.
Heyyy! We don't have time for this. Our friends are in trouble. Now we have to put our heads together and get them out of it. And if you two aren't  with me a hundred and ten percent then  get the hell out of my library!
We've done the research, we've got to think how to use it.
That won't kill the demon; it'll just give it a change of scenery.
Oh! Oh! Oh! I've got it!
Trust me. This is going to work...
(much less confidently) This is going to work.
And it jumped.
I wasn't sure it would work.
Oh no, I don't think I could take the stress.
I don't know how Giles does it.