There you are! I...
...Have been looking all over for you!
And feel free to tell me if this next part gets too personal, I'm told I have boundary issues, but I am hurt - YES - by your incredibly selfish behavior. Newsflash, hairdo: It's not always about you.
All I want is THE KEY!!!
Why won't you tell me where The Key is?
Forgive me, monky. I just get so, ohh, anxious sometimes like there's mmm, something deep inside me and it's swelling up and making me crazy and I just forget there's all this, nnngh, DUCT TAPE on your face...
Now tell me where The Key is...
...or I'm going bowling.
It's okay. The stutter is sexy, keep it coming.
(Czech with subtitles) Jsme v novém svete, tak proboha... (translation) We're in the new world now, so please, for God's sake... (English, no subtitles) SPEAK AMERICAN!!!
Fine. Know what I wish?
I wish that you could feel what I'm feeling right now.
(to Monk) 'Cause I don't know how much more of this I can take.
(to Monk) I'll bet this is fun for you! Isn't it? Say it, you like to torture me! Why? You don't even own the damn thing and I want it I need it I have got to have it NOW and you keep refusing to tell me WHERE THE KEY IS and...
And it's typical, like the big mortal meatsack comes complete with stink and bile sweat and protein yes I said HUMANS - Not now Mommy's TALKING - Wriggling, piling, plowing, crawling, clowning, cavorting, DOING IT over and over and over and over 'til somebody's gotta sit down on their tuffet and make this birthing STOP.
Oh. Oh, that's much better.
You sure about that last part?
...And another thing. I just want you to know...
That this whole "beat you to death" thing I'm doing...
It's valuable time out of life that I am never getting back.
Wait, I've always wanted to try this.
You know, the thing with worms where, you rip 'em in half, you get two worms? Think that'll work with you?
You - HIT ME!
Ow! What are you, crazy?
You can't go around hitting people, what were you, raised in a barn? There's such a thing as manners, you know and while we're on the subject, I just gotta ask, Blabberina, do you EVER shut up?
Fine - be that way.
Hey I just noticed something. You have superpowers! That is so cool! Can you fly?
Hey.
HEY!!! Hands off my holy man!
Mmph!
Aw, sh...