But only for a little while, right? The walls come back, no more hell?
(raising hand) Okay, all in favor of Stopping Glory BEFORE the ritual! Suggestions? Ideas? Time's a-wastin' ...
Willow! I bet you've got some dark  spell a'brewin'. You make her a toad,  little hoppy toad, we hit her with a hammer...
(panicking) Well somebody come up with something!
Okay, but I'm still not hearing enough ideas,  she's a god, let's think outside the box!
The Dagon's Sphere!
When Buffy first met Glory she found  that magical glowy sphere that was  meant to repel Glory. We've got it in  the basement. It might drive her back,  or hurt her... oh! And -- (presenting, as on a game show)  --Olaf the Trollgod's enchanted hammer.  You wanna fight a god, use the weapon  of a god.
Built for squashin'!
Here to help. Want to live.
Yes, yes! Not to worry.
No.
No, yes, I had the pleasure moment,  and the blissful calm that comes right  after it, but that only lasted a couple  of seconds and now I'm terrified again.
Gaaah! What?
Maybe Willow wanted it.
To study it.
Pervert.
And don't frighten me like thaAAAHHH!
It's an omen, it's a higher power  trying to tell me through bunnies  that we're all gonna die! Oh, God...
No, you see, usually, when there's an  apocalypse, I skedaddle. But now I  love you so much that instead I have  inappropriately timed sex and try to  think of ways to fight a god and worry  terribly that something might happen  to you, and also worry that something'll  happen to me and then I have guilt that  I'm not more worried about everyone  else but I just don't have enough, I'm  just on total overload and I honestly  don't think anything could make me  more nervous than I am right now.
You're proposing to me!
You're proposing to me 'cause we're  gonna die! And, and, you think it's  romantic and sexy and you know  you're not gonna have to go through  with it, cause the world's gonna end!
You can't know that.
Oh.
Yes. I mean yes.
After. Give it to me when the world doesn't end.
She did say she'd let everybody die.
Has his own shoes.
What is that... ?
Has anybody noticed that we're moving backwards?
So far, it's a tie.
We tried that.
Xander!
Xander... don't stand there.