--shouting already? Jeez! I can't hear  myself think about killing you. What's  the hubbub, bub? What do you got  against old Benjy?
Don't be so hard on the boy. He just wants  to live -- most guys'd do the same. 'Sides,  he's probably the reason your sis and her  little cartoon pals are still alive. That  little nagging pinch of humanity that  makes me go for the hurt instead of the  kill. Lowering myself to trade blows  with a Slayer when I should have just  put my fist through her heart. That's gotta be Ben.
Funny thing... you've been here for  a few hours now and I haven't seen  big sis galloping in to save you. She  probably knows what a terrible mistake  that'd be.
Oh, no, sweetie baby, I'm talking about  the ritual. 'Cause you know, I bleed  you, the portals open, but once you die,  they close. The faster you die, the better  for your sorry species. I'm bettin' Buffy  knows that. And since your not really  her <b>sister</b>--
Okay, campers! It's almost stab time! You two, get her.
Hey hey HEY! Again with the screaming,  you know you could scare bats away  with that screech of yours. We're not doing  it here. All this time together, you think  I have no sense of style? Portal's up there. (gestures above) You're going out, but you're going out  with a view. (to the minions) Take her. (as they go) See you in a few.
You. What are you doing here?
What the frikkin' hell did that bitch do to me!?!
She made a little, she made a hole ... God I need a meal... I need a brain to eat --
I said a BRAIN, you worthless dirt! I got places to be! Big day... Need a brain ...
Your little witchbitch gave me kind  of a headache there. And all it did to  her was kill her and her friend, so kudos  to her! But if you think this is gonna  last more than eight seconds...
Guard the girl! I can take care of hairdo here. This is a... a...
Go! Guard!
The witch ...
You're gonna wish --
You know what?
I'm sorry, you had a comment?
Oh no you don't ...
You lost your hammer, sweetcheeks. What're you gonna hit me with now.?
This isn't fair.
(near tears) You're just a mortal... you couldn't understand my pain.
You can't kill me ...
Stop it...