I'm sorry, honey.
It's an outfit. An outfit that you may never buy.
You looked like a streetwalker.
You're just too young to wear that.
That's the plan... (looking at her watch) Oh. Stores are gonna close and I still need to order the flyers for the opening.
Okay, I'll go to the printers and then get our food. You go pick up my outfit from the tailors at Everyday Woman. Here's the receipt--
Do now. Make fun of your mother later.
Buffy.
Where's my dress.
Buffy, what were you -- no, let me guess. You were distracted by a boy.
Buffy...
They're closed. I'll have to fit it in tomorrow.
A little responsibility, Buffy, that's all I ask. Honestly, don't you ever think about anything besides boys and clothes?
I swear, sometimes I have no idea what goes on in your head.
At least eat something if you're going to drink that.
How goes the parenting?
You sure your egg is secure in there?
Sorry. Are we a little touchy this morning?
You don't have a temperature.
What's the matter - did your egg keep you up all night?
Wait till it starts dating.
(entering) Buffy, who are you talking to at this...
Why are you dressed? Where exactly do you think you're going at three o'clock in the morning?
Who was that on the phone?
You're gonna have to do better than that, young lady.
No, you're about to have a bad dream. A dream that you're grounded for the rest of your natural life --
...which means no after-school socializing. No Bronze. No nothing, not until I give you the say so. Do you understand?
Yes or no. That's all I want to hear from you.
Now. School ends at 2:30. I want you to go to the library at 2:33 and study until I pick you up there at 5:30. Understood?
Good. Have a nice day.
Buffy? Hello?
Mr. Giles, hello. I was looking for Buffy. She was supposed to wait for me here.
Well, that is just the last straw.
She never means to, but somehow she always manages to anyway. Do you have children, Mr. Giles? (sudden cringe) Should I be whispering?
They can be such a -- I don't want to say burden, but... actually, I kind of do want to say burden.
Burden. Thank you. They're just so irresponsible.
"Bristow's Demon Index"? "Hell's Offspring"?
Well, yes... is something wrong?
(turning to the door) Probably the janitor...
Buffy! I was worried you might have gotten caught in the building. There was a gas leak.
I went looking for you in the library.
I thought I made it pretty clear you weren't to leave the library till I arrived.
I'm not really interested in the other side right now. You have got to learn some responsibility, young lady. Once and for all.
You're already grounded.
Until further notice, you're confined to your room. You will not leave your room at any time except to go to school or the bathroom. Your meals will be brought to you -- and they will not be very good. Am I making myself clear?
Damn right you will.