That's right, big boy . . .
Come and get it.
He's getting away. And, ow!
I can't believe he got away.
That wasn't in the obituary. I should have checked the school records.
(defensively) Well, well, the <b>slayer</b> always says a pun or a witty play on words and I think it throws vampires off and makes them frightened that I'm wisecracking and okay, I didn't really have time to work on that one but <b>you</b> try it every time!
Xander. Past Tense Rule.
Do you think she knows school's starting tomorrow?
(to comfort him) I'm gonna be busy a lot, but only till three and that's when you usually get up, so it's not bad.
(excited) I wonder what our first homework assignment will be! (off Xander's look) Hey, you're excited about Cordelia, okay? We've all got issues.
Wouldn't it be great if Buffy just showed up tomorrow? Like nothing happened?
Well, yeah, but . . . I just wish . . . (softly) I wish we knew where she was.
No, he got away. We still have glitches in the system, like vampires getting away. But I think we're improving.
You'd be cranky.
Well, we try not to get killed. That's part of our whole mission statement. Don't get killed.
Hi!
How was your summer?
Well, uh, yeah. Somewhere.
It's good.
Still good. (looks off) Hi!
You came to visit me! (puzzled) You came with books. (brightening) Are they books for me?
I don't get it.
Well, I know you had a lot of incompletes, but that's why you had summer school.
But you never said anything. How am I supposed to react to this rather alarming news?
Well, traditionally, repeating a grade is not a turn on. And you're practically a genius! You're Mister Test Scores! It's all a little weird.
She's here somewhere --
Your hair's fine.
I'm trying to get to cute, really, but I'm still sorta stuck on "strange".
Let me sleep on it, you know, and we'll get back to you.
It's still good that you're looking, though. You shouldn't give up.
Hey, we're doing okay. (bitterly) Except that last guy totally threw off our stats . . .
You don't think maybe he'll find her?
I wonder what she's doing right now.
It's possible. (looking around) The Bronze just never seems the same without her.
Oh! That reminds me. (pulls out a folded up piece of paper) I asked around about Andrew Hoelich, our gymnastic vampire, and apparently, (looking at her notes) he used to like to hang out in Hammersmith Park and pick up grills! (looks closer) Or, okay, that could be "girls".
Tomorrow night?
We just need to work on our timing, I think.