Hi.
But you don't love it, cause without the DMA upgrades your computer's really only half a rocket ship.
You can. I get the demos for free. I don't see why I shouldn't give them to you for the same price. (hands her his card) Any friend of Buffy's...
After you bake it you fry it in herbs and olive oil. And you gotta use a cast iron skillet. No room for compromise there.
(to Buffy) Hungry?
Buffy I want to apologize. That wasn't how I wanted us to met. I wanted it to be... perfect. I'm very fond of your mother, I guess that's pretty obvious...
Hello, kids.
I'm updating the software in the guidance office -- which reminds me...
Think nothing of it. Buffy, you like miniature golf?
Your mother and I were thinking, maybe this Saturday we could drag the three of you out to the course? Spend some time swinging the iron with the stuffy old people?
I'm making a picnic basic...
And cookies.
I know I've been looking a long time for one.
Glad to hear that. I bet that means your grades'll be picking up soon.
Thanks, Joycee.
Eye on the ball... watch those elbows...
We won't?
It is, but the rules are the rules. What we teach her is what she takes into the world when we're not there, whether it's at school or an unchaperoned party...
I think you're missing the point here, little lady...
Right. It's just a game. Do your own thing...
Do you want me to slap that smart ass mouth of yours?
I made too many, so you guys are gonna have to take some home...
(on phone) No Mrs. Lawndale, it's not an inexpensive piece of software. As a matter of fact it's a very expensive one. Which removes the risk of crashing your whole system. Of course if you prefer something cheap I can recommend... (smiles) ...trust me, you won't be sorry.
...we ask that you bless this home and help those in it to be more productive, more considerate and... (makes eye contact with buffy) ...more honest. Amen.
Another great day at work. How was school, Buffy? Did ya' learn anything?
Good for you. (re: food) Well Joycee, what do ya' think?
Well, you know, little lady, it's not just for looks, it's for building strong bodies. (smiles)
Now Joycee, let me handle this. Your mother and I are taking things one step at a time, but if things go the way I hope someday soon I just might ask her to tie the knot. How would you feel about that?
No, no, I told her to be honest. (to Buffy) Sweetheart, you should try and get used to me cause you know what? I'm not going anywhere.
You don't get to be salesman of the year by giving up after a couple of rejections. She'll come around, and a little birdy's telling me it's going to be sooner rather than later.
Straight from the factory. And we pass those savings on to you.
Your mother said go to your room, Buffy. I think we both know she didn't mean climb out your window and go gallivanting about town.
Yes, I have.
I don't see how it's any different than you snooping around my office. Do you?
Beg to differ, little lady. Everything you do is nothing but my business from now on.
Or what. You'll "slay" me? I'm real, I'm not some goblin you made up in your diary. The psychiatrists have a word for this kind of thing... (re: journal) ...delusional. From now on you are going to do what I say when I saw or I show this to your mother and you spend your best dating years behind the walls of a mental institution. Your mother and I are going to be happy. You're not getting in the way of that. Sleep tight.
Take your hand off me.
Beg to differ...
That's right, little lady. You killed me! Do we have something to say about that? Are we sorry?
I'm a salesman! That's what you should have remembered. No matter how you put him down--
I had to shut down for a little while to get you off my back. You should have seen the intern's face when I got up off the table. It was a hoot. Fun's over, though.
That wasn't playing fair, missy. You're gonna find--
Don't worry about me and your mom. We're going to be very happy.
Joyce...
I'm okay. I'm okay...
They said I must have been dead for six minutes. They said any longer and there would have been brain damage.
Nobody knew! They took me to the morgue and I was unconscious for almost a day! An intern found me. It's a miracle, Joyce. A miracle.
I know...
You don't have to worry about Buffy. You don't have to worry about anything. Daddy's here.
You know what brought me back, Joyce? It was you. I couldn't go into that light -- I had to come back for you. I'm gonna make you so happy...
I feel fine. Never better.
(a little strident) Do we have to worry about Buffy right now? How about worrying about Teddy, he's the one that died.
(softly, taking her hands) Don't I always tell you what to do? I'm gonna make this right, and then you and I--
I think you might want to stop telling me what to do. I don't take orders from women. I'm not wired that way.
We should probably be hitting the road.
You're gonna love the house. It's furnished just the way you like it. I spent a lot of -- (spark) --telling me what to do! (normal) --time decorating.
I already have your clothes. They're your size, they're always your size. You left me once but I keep bringing you back. Husband and wife is forever. Forever.
Let's go.
Fine, then. I'll have to carry you.
Buffy...