--All right, time out. Let's stop this before someone gets hurt. Kid, you are the worst. Even I can see your lips move. On top of that, you're spitting all over me.
Of course I did. I told you you'd be great. Just keep letting me call the shots.
Could you move my leg?
Damn shin splints.
Tell the girl thank you.
Morgan's a little shy around pretty girls. But I'm not.
(to Buffy) What say you and me do a little rehearsing of our own? I'd feel right at home sitting on your knee.
Sorry, pal. Just checking out the scenery. (looks Buffy up and down) And I likes what I see. (seeing Willow) Your friend ain't that bad either. Either of you ladies ever been with a dummy? Once you go wood, nothing's as good.
Ooh, feisty!
...Right now you and me got to be on the lookout. Figure out who's going to be next.
Look, hot-pants, he answered your questions. Leave him alone.
(to Buffy) Now, if you want to take me into the box and work <u>me</u> over--
He's said all he[‘s] going to say.
Wouldn't that be somewhere down and to the left of England?
I knew I could count on you.
You need to be by yourself.
Soon. I'll know when the time is right.
Leave him alone!
Morgan's not talking now. I am.
(to Buffy; taunting) I've been watching you. I know what you're up to--
You can play hide-and-seek all you want, but it won't do any good--
You're getting careless. It's just a matter of time before--
(turns on Morgan) SHUT UP!
She's not your friend, Morgan. <u>I'm</u> your friend.
It's payback time!
You <u>always</u> knew it was me!
The end.
Go ahead. But there will be others to come and destroy you.
I didn't choose this package. That was your doing.
You won. You can take your heart and your brain and move on.
That would have been justice.
Neither will you.
What?
We get a call about a crime in progress. I burst in on this guy standing over his victim. Only this guy ain't no guy. He's got flesh hanging off his face, eyes like the devil, scales covering every inch of his body.
Two-points for the egghead. So this thing takes off; I chase it into the darkness. <u>Big</u> rookie mistake.
Hold on to your huevos, Opie. We're finally face to face in this magic shop. He jumps me; I pump him full of bullets. He's this close to death when he starts jabbering at me like a catholic priest. Apparently, he thought it'd be cute to curse my soul into the nearest object. (spreading his arms wide) Ta-da! (then) Just my luck -- I couldn't have chased him into a brothel.
What?
Excuse me, that was Pinocchio. He was a marionette. With strings. (pissed off) That punk has done more harm to people like me than Mortimer Snerd.  (then) I am a ventriloquist's partner.
Yeah, and I'm sure they used to call you ‘retarded,' but I bet you prefer ‘slow.'
Apparently, he went on to lead a happy and successful life. Because seven years later in Chicago, the same crimes start happening.
Hey, I read! And I got real interested in this guy. He's been kicking around since the early 14th century, when he got banished from his own little corner of hell after he took the heart and brain of his master's human bride. Seems he wanted to be able to roan the earth like you and me. Now, every seven years, he has to do another slice-and-dice, and every time he does that, he takes on a new human form.
So I track the demon down, I finally figure out it's here, and my first thought is-- (pointing at Buffy) --it's you.
Who can blame me for thinking? Look at you. You're strong. Athletic... (getting lost in thought) Limber. Nubile. (snapping out of it) I'm back. And you're always sneaking around. I just assumed.
You thought I was an evil puppet.
The only way this wood becomes lifeless is if I cut that demon's heart right out of its chest.
Something like that.
Don't know. This monster's got everything it needs, and I still have no idea who it is. Hopefully, I can track it down before it kills again.
No. I already got Morgan killed. I'm not going to chance it with you.
I know, I know. Draculas, insects, Rock'em Sock'ems--
You have no idea what evil is. You have no idea what's out there. From now on, I work alone.
And now for the big finish.
It's not enough. He'll come back. You need the heart. Then all this will be over.
No. I got to do it. Like the bookworm said, it's the only way I can be free.
Same thing.