And mock.
Oh, no, sir. Thank you, though. We were just--
Bye, now!
You know, talent is really such a subjective thing. What I consider to be one of my greatest talents? Other people would just call rude and offensive.
Hey, wood-man, watch your mouth.  (then, to Morgan) I mean... watch his mouth.
How jaded has our school become when you don't even get the day off after a brutal murder? I bet most other places, that's an automatic. But no! We forge on.
They could have at least canceled <u>that</u>. You know, to say, ‘Hey, we understand.'
Oh, how nice. Company.
He's not the only one.
Well, earlier, in the auditorium--
I think I saw Sid move.
When Morgan was putting Sid in his case.
It was nothing that obvious. It's hard to explain. I saw him... <u>after</u> he moved. You know, like he <u>had</u> moved.
Well, no. He was... It was the way that- (then, ashamed) Yes.
There you go!
That's more likely.
Do you actually know this stuff, or do you make it up as you go along?
Buffy, it's Morgan.
Things did seem pretty written on Morgan's shirt.
Yeah. You see a kid, you see a dummy, you see the dummy whisper in the kid's ear, you think crazy kid
I'm thinking that must have hurt.
I'll expect a formal letter of apology in the morning.
Hey!
He means Sid.
(to Buffy) What's he talking about?
Is this story going to end anywhere near "And that's why I'm a puppet"?
And...?
Where's the part about when you spent the night in a whale and wished upon a star?
Didn't they used to call you guys ‘Dummies?'
Okay, I'll be the first to say it. We just had a long, level-headed, fairly intelligent conversation...
Then ‘he' is a dummy!
Having to explain to people over and over again... (dawning) With amazing detail that almost sounded rehear-- (then) Does anyone else get the feeling we may have just been Keyser Soze'd?
Didn't all that sound a bit neat, tidy, and convenient?
Not to mention -- how should I put this -- preposterous? I mean, a <u>good</u> dummy?
Most?
Actually, being on a Hellmouth and all makes this kind of thing even funnier.
What?
Um...
Why would this brain have been rejected? I thought Morgan was the smartest kid in school.
He's been out, like, half the year.
Brain cancer?
In other words, I'm safe.
Where's the key?
He's busy.
Unnecessary. And kind of icky.
(as Stanley, calling into the wings) Stella!
Stel-la!
STEL-LAHHH!
Of what?