How come Faith was a no show? I thought the mucussy demons were her favorites.
I detect worry.
Well, burial detail aside, does this cap us off for the day?
I cannot stress enough how much I don't have plans.
I left a few messages, sixty or seventy... (suddenly soapboxy) And you know what bugs me? Okay, we were kissing, it's wrong, but I know that was positively the last time we ever would have kissed.
And they burst in, rescuing us without even knocking, I mean this is really all their fault.
(sheepishly) Mine is more advanced.
Right. You've been through it all with Angel and you're still standing. So, tell us, wise one, how do you deal?
Excuse me? I need to be both giving and receiving mirth. Is it too much to ask for a little back up?
(cutting her off) You want to do guilt-a-palooza? Fine. But I'm done with that. Starting this minute - I'm going to grab a hold of that crazy little thing called life and let it do it's magic heal-y thing. What's done is done. Let's be in the moment. Behold the beauty that is now! Who's with me?
Look at her. Tears of a clown, baby. Or, more like, grins of a sad person. Or is it-
Oops. Sorry. (thinks it over) But why - "oops?" We've always touched digits. It's just friend stuff. Comfort - like chocolate.
Well, what do you know? Cordelia Chase.
Now why would she say something like that? Let's think...
Buffy - the slayer?
Not that I don't appreciate your appetite, Will... But I thought we agreed it was my turn-
Probably not-
But I'll give you a head start.
You love all the parts.
Oh swell. It's the white hats.
Those people need to find some hobbies.
(to a vamp buddy) Slap my hand, dead soul man...
Had a prime kill -- an old crush, actually -- but that wannaslay librarian showed up. A sad loss.
Weird thing: Girl kept talking about Buffy, we had to get Buffy here. Isn't that what they call the Slayer?
Someone has to talk to her people. That name is striking fear in nobody's heart.
Not too bright, book guy.
So you're a watcher, huh? (smiles) Watch this.
The deed is done.
It was too easy.
Too hard? No such thing.
Sorry. Carried away.
(intense) No thanks, baby. I just want To watch you go.
(moved) We really are living in a golden age.