Sounds like you could use my help.
Hey, don't worry about it.
A nest full of vampires, you come get me, okay? (smiles) Box full of puppies, that's more of a judgement call. Hit me.
Watch out for southpaws, Buff. Don't let 'em surprise you.
Thanks, Rupert. Well, it's good to know we're not walking into the unholy feast of something-or-other.
Or... I bet...
There. I can get in that way.
(joking) I'm sure you would have. (then) I think we have a plan.
Buffy, you can go in first, Let them get a look at a Slayer. Xander and--
The Nimzowitsch Defense. Let's see if I remember... (moves a piece) Uh-huh... mate in four. You almost got me, Rupert. (back on topic) Xander, Willow and Anya, you back up Buffy. I'll be the surprise guest. Everyone, let's show these fiends they came to the wrong town.
You got two of them and that second one was ready for you. You should feel pretty good.
Don't worry so much. You know it only matters that you do your best.
Vampires only form nests to make hunting easier. They're not big on the cooperation. They mostly like to hang out, all creepy and alone in the shadows. Don't you agree, Spike?
What are you doing here?
Careful. He's still pretty dangerous.
Spike. You're the worst type of scum. And the second you're back to your old tricks, well, let's just say before you even sniff out your first victim, you'll be pretty indistinguishable from... oh, what should we say... instant soup mix?
Buffy, you know what I think? I don't think this is about you being angry with Faith. I think you're angry with Riley.
Sure. I mean, you have this amazing connection with him. And then at the one moment when it matters most, he looks into your eyes and he doesn't even see it's not you looking back at him.
I know you know that. But you have to believe it. Buffy, if any part of you is blaming Riley for what happened, well then, it seems like there's a part of you that needs to forgive him.
Hi Karen. Thank you. Is that my book...? I could...
What do you think, Buff? If I'm wrong, smack me. Karen-with-a-K will lend you a book and it's pretty heavy.
He does. It may not be easy, Buffy, but you guys are special together. That's worth a little hard work.
If you really want it, you can make anything happen.
Thank you, Colonel.
Men, before we can locate Adam, we need to understand him better. And there's something that has bothered me almost from the start. (pause for effect) He doesn't eat. We have known him to kill, but never to eat the kill. So I pulled some of Professor Walsh's original design schematics. And I found something. His power source is not biological at all.
It's here. The design attempts to hide it, but I believe it's a small reservoir of Uranium 235.
Essentially, forever. It also means that cutting off his head is meaningless. Killing Adam is going to mean annihilating him completely.
But first, we have to find him. The uranium is encased in lead sheeting. This'll make it hard to track Adam even once I've equipped you all with Geiger counters. But I think it's our best bet. Let's talk search quadrants. This is a well-trained group and I believe in you. Trust me, we're just about ready to take this guy by surprise.
She's ready to forget it. I think you'd better be ready, too.
She's scared.
Scared of what you're thinking about her.
She knows that Faith is... experienced.
Have you let her know that?
People can't always see what's right in front of them.
Good evening everyone. This song is dedicated to some friends of mine. A very special couple who have been going through a tough time.
(gently) Karen? That's your name isn't it? I signed my book for you.
Tell me what hurt you, Karen. I can help.
That's all right, Sergeant. I have it under control.
I saw that. I'm afraid it's just condensation.
Karen, I know you're scared, but I need to hear your description again.
That must have been very frightening. I'm so sorry you--
A mark?
Well. This is a clue.
I've heard of this. Not a demon, just a monster. Not much more than an animal. Sticks to the woods, doesn't come near populated areas.
Actually, I think Karen simply startled it -- (to Karen, comforting) Probably more afraid of you than you were of it. (to Buffy) I'll patrol, but you don't have to worry about it. I can handle it on my own. Now, let's see about getting Karen a ride home...
I'll be right there.
Or can Mister July sit in?
Buffy?
Then I'll explain. Buffy is right.
I do have a history with the creature, the Monster. The problem is, every time I face it, my mind becomes, sort of, confused. There's some kind of power it possesses.
Maybe. I just know it takes all my energy to try to fight the confusion. That's why I had his mark tattooed on me. So I wouldn't underestimate him next time. But it didn't work, and people got hurt. It's terrible. But I swear to you all, it wasn't malicious.
I'm sure it's left town by now. That's been its pattern.
(forced) Sure. Let's do that.
That's enough creepy small talk. We're looking for a monster.
Every demon in this town is gunning for you right now. So I figure you're probably keeping pretty good track of them. Big arms. Mark on its head. Have you seen it?
We're not getting anything out of him.
(to Buffy, a little shaky) That was very good. Very good.
Yeah. Don't... don't want that to happen.
Come on. We've got a Monster to fi--
I think you're gonna have to handle this one solo.
You'll know. You used to. And the more you hurt it, the more I'll lose my --
I, I wasn't sure you'd come over. Everyone's mostly forgetting, but I think some people are kinda angry.
Nobody's even talking to me. And the twins moved out.
After the... thing... with the bell tower and the gun? I went to counselling. Other kids with problems. One of 'em had this spell. He glossed right over the Monster. Well, anyway. I just... I just wanted to apologize. No one was supposed to get hurt.
You weren't! You weren't socks! We were friends.
(acquiescing) Yeah. Right.
Hey... Buffy? You remember, I gave you some advice?
No. About you and Riley. I mean, things are kinda starting to blur, but this cool thing I said, that I don't really remember, I think it was right. I think it was kinda the same thing you just said to me. About things taking work.
Good. Because it's true. What you have is really complicated, but it's worth it. I think that's what I said.