WILLOW: Buffy! Another one!
BUFFY: Xander! Anya!
WILLOW: Buffy!
BUFFY: Where's the other one?
XANDER: Scampered like a big bumpy bunny.
ANYA: In there.
WILLOW: I don't care if it is an orgy of death. There's still such a thing as a napkin.
BUFFY: (trying to convince herself) A nest. No biggie. I bet 1 could do it. I mean, I know I could take out two...
ANYA: Yes. And we could run for help while the other three suck your heart out through your neck.
BUFFY: (disappointed) You're right. There's too many for just us. You know who we need.
BUFFY: Um. Hi? We have a problem...
JONATHAN: Sounds like you could use my help.
XANDER: (to Anya) The quick-draw is about more than speed. It's also about pointing the stake the right way. And, there can be splinter issues. It's a true test of dexterity.
ANYA: (re: milk carton) Can you open this?
XANDER: Nah, I tear it and it goes all sloshy.
BUFFY: Thanks for doing this, Jonathan. I wouldn't ask, but--
JONATHAN: Hey, don't worry about it.
JONATHAN: A nest full of vampires, you come get me, okay? (smiles) Box full of puppies, that's more of a judgement call. Hit me.
BUFFY: Ooof. You got me. Very punchy.
JONATHAN: Watch out for southpaws, Buff. Don't let 'em surprise you.
GILES: Well, I can't find a reference to any ritual. This sounds more like, well, like a family meal, if you will.
BUFFY: And they say no one eats without the TV on anymore.
JONATHAN: Thanks, Rupert. Well, it's good to know we're not walking into the unholy feast of something-or-other.
WILLOW: Jonathan, I'm in. Schematics for the crypt. Part of the original plan for the cemetery. Sometimes there's a-- (disappointed) No back way in. Just the one entrance.
BUFFY: (working it out) Maybe... maybe we can make that work for us. Stake out the entrance, maybe use a decoy, lure 'em out...
JONATHAN: Or... I bet...
JONATHAN: There. I can get in that way.
WILLOW: Oh. Of course. Why didn't I think of that?
JONATHAN: (joking) I'm sure you would have. (then) I think we have a plan.
JONATHAN: Buffy, you can go in first, Let them get a look at a Slayer. Xander and--
JONATHAN: The Nimzowitsch Defense. Let's see if I remember... (moves a piece) Uh-huh... mate in four. You almost got me, Rupert. (back on topic) Xander, Willow and Anya, you back up Buffy. I'll be the surprise guest. Everyone, let's show these fiends they came to the wrong town.
BUFFY: Hope you saved room for being killed.
BUFFY: I should've got that one.
JONATHAN: You got two of them and that second one was ready for you. You should feel pretty good.
BUFFY: But I let one get by me.
JONATHAN: Don't worry so much. You know it only matters that you do your best.
BUFFY: But that's just it. I don't think it was my--
VOICES: (overlapping) Jonathan! Jonathan! How 'bout a smile?
XANDER: Well, I think we did great. We knocked 'em dead. (realizing) Which they already were...
WILLOW: (helpfully) We knocked 'em deader.
ANYA: They weren't very organized. If they'd all rushed at Buffy they could've killed her right away.
BUFFY: Oh, thanks, Anya. That's not gonna keep me awake all night.
JONATHAN: Vampires only form nests to make hunting easier. They're not big on the cooperation. They mostly like to hang out, all creepy and alone in the shadows. Don't you agree, Spike?
SPIKE: Well, well. The man himself.
JONATHAN: What are you doing here?
SPIKE: I live here. And I wasn't exactly pining for a noisy visit from Wonder-Jonathan and his fluffy battle kittens.
BUFFY: Yeah? You think that up with all the time you spend not being able to bite people?
JONATHAN: Careful. He's still pretty dangerous.
SPIKE: Yeah, back off, Betty.
BUFFY: It's Buffy, you big bleached... (can't find the right word) Stupid guy.
JONATHAN: Spike. You're the worst type of scum. And the second you're back to your old tricks, well, let's just say before you even sniff out your first victim, you'll be pretty indistinguishable from... oh, what should we say... instant soup mix?
SPIKE: (called after) You're a bleeding idiot, you are, Jonathan. Cuz you'll be the first victim and you'll be stone dead before you hit the ground! (then, to himself, proudly) The worst kind of scum.
WILLOW: Next thing I know, this crazed vamp's like, running right at me. And I know if it gets past me, there's no telling who's in danger next--
TARA: Come on, you have fun, admit it. Livin' the Scooby life.
WILLOW: I was trying for a kind of stoic bravery. But, yeah. I mean it was very exciting, with the ceiling coming in and everything.
TARA: (off picture) Oh, that's a cute one. (then) And Buffy? She was okay?
WILLOW: She was great. Twang-poof. (off Tara's look) That was the sound. Crossbow, vampire dust. I mean, she was a little cranky she missed that one vamp --
TARA: I kinda meant personally. That whole thing with Faith, that pretty much freaked me out and I was just sensing it from a distance.
WILLOW: Oh. Well, yeah. I know she's not over the thing with Riley sleeping with Faith. You know what I mean-- Faith's insides, in Buffy's outsides, when her insides were out.
TARA: I hope they'll be okay.
WILLOW: I'm sure it'll blow over. They're probably all with the smoochies right now.
BUFFY: You must be feeling better.
RILEY: Yeah. A lot stronger. I mean, I'm no Jonathan, but I'm doing okay.
BUFFY: Are you... You're not--
RILEY: What?
BUFFY: You know, eating the Initiative's technicolor food of strongness.
RILEY: No. They swear they've stopped treating the food, but I'm not taking the chance. I don't know if that means I'll get weaker, or dumber... or smarter.
BUFFY: They're not big with the disclosure, huh?
RILEY: They still haven't released a full profile on Adam. And we're having zero luck tracking him. I just -- if they'd put a little trust in me I know I could get the job done.
BUFFY: (seriously) I've felt that way my whole life.
BUFFY: You'd think I could do that. Guess it takes different muscles than, you know, demon beheading.
RILEY: You just need a few pointers.
BUFFY: (nervous) Now, if they made Slaying a competitive sport, that's when I'd have a shot. There could be... you know... speed staking, and, um... figure staking...
BUFFY: I... um... You know what? I don't think this is my game. I've gotta... I've gotta go.
BUFFY: It's all Faith's fault. She's like poison. No, worse, like acid that eats through everything. Or maybe a bomb. The point is, everything's going great with Riley and then she comes along and messes it all up.
JONATHAN: Buffy, you know what I think? I don't think this is about you being angry with Faith. I think you're angry with Riley.
BUFFY: Riley?
JONATHAN: Sure. I mean, you have this amazing connection with him. And then at the one moment when it matters most, he looks into your eyes and he doesn't even see it's not you looking back at him.
BUFFY: Oh. But... but he couldn't have known. I mean, you don't just go, "hey, that's not your body. Get out of that body with your hands up."
JONATHAN: I know you know that. But you have to believe it. Buffy, if any part of you is blaming Riley for what happened, well then, it seems like there's a part of you that needs to forgive him.
KAREN: You're Jonathan Levinson. Oh my God. My name is Karen and I think you're... you're wonderful. Oh my god.
JONATHAN: Hi Karen. Thank you. Is that my book...? I could...
KAREN: Yeah. Please. I didn't wanna bother you... It's Karen with a 'K'.
KAREN: (called after) Thank you! So much! Thanks!
JONATHAN: What do you think, Buff? If I'm wrong, smack me. Karen-with-a-K will lend you a book and it's pretty heavy.
BUFFY: Maybe I have been blaming him? How do I get past it? What, what if it's too late? What if, after all this, what if he doesn't want me anymore?
JONATHAN: He does. It may not be easy, Buffy, but you guys are special together. That's worth a little hard work.
BUFFY: But I don't know how to talk to him. How do I; how do I make it okay again?
JONATHAN: If you really want it, you can make anything happen.
HAVILAND: For those of you who haven't heard, my name is Colonel George Haviland. I'm commanding officer here until such time as the facility-review is completed. This review does not mean that our primary mission has changed in any way. Recovery of the hostile known as Adam is our first and most important job. one to which I am committing every resource at my disposal. That means you, men. So, to this end I've asked our tactical consultant here to address us today. Mr. Levinson...
JONATHAN: Thank you, Colonel.
GRAHAM: About time we brought out the big guns.
JONATHAN: Men, before we can locate Adam, we need to understand him better. And there's something that has bothered me almost from the start. (pause for effect) He doesn't eat. We have known him to kill, but never to eat the kill. So I pulled some of Professor Walsh's original design schematics. And I found something. His power source is not biological at all.
JONATHAN: It's here. The design attempts to hide it, but I believe it's a small reservoir of Uranium 235.
RILEY: Sir? How long will it last?
JONATHAN: Essentially, forever. It also means that cutting off his head is meaningless. Killing Adam is going to mean annihilating him completely.
JONATHAN: But first, we have to find him. The uranium is encased in lead sheeting. This'll make it hard to track Adam even once I've equipped you all with Geiger counters. But I think it's our best bet. Let's talk search quadrants. This is a well-trained group and I believe in you. Trust me, we're just about ready to take this guy by surprise.
KAREN: Hello Jonathan. I don't know if you remember me-- Hi. Sorry about coming to your house like this--. Hello. It's Karen. Remember me?
KAREN: (frustrated) Where are you at, anyway? Are you like, never at home?
RILEY: She's not the only one feeling that way. I feel like I should've known. I feel terrible.
JONATHAN: She's ready to forget it. I think you'd better be ready, too.
RILEY: I don't know. I mean... I don't know if she's really ever gonna forget it. Every time I try to touch her...
JONATHAN: She's scared.
RILEY: Scared of me?!
JONATHAN: Scared of what you're thinking about her.
RILEY: What do you mean?
JONATHAN: She knows that Faith is... experienced.
RILEY: What are you saying. Experienced? Oh God. Does she think I'd... what? That I'd be comparing? She knows she's the one I... I care about.
JONATHAN: Have you let her know that?
RILEY: I think I -- haven't I? She has to know...
JONATHAN: People can't always see what's right in front of them.
ANYA: I did not.
XANDER: Last night. With me. You said "Jonathan."
ANYA: It was a moan.
XANDER: Fine. You moaned "Jonathan."
ANYA: Nuh-uh. It was like "aaaah."
XANDER: Maybe it was "aaaaanathan," still not fluffing up the ol' ego.
RILEY: They're quite a couple, aren't they?
BUFFY: If it turns into a fistfight, I've got a fifty on Anya.
RILEY: I wonder if they'll last.
BUFFY: Riley... I... think... (chickening out) Willow's having a good time.
RILEY: Uh-huh. I haven't really talked much to her friend yet.
BUFFY: Tara. She's nice. Kinda shy.
RILEY: Uh-huh.
JONATHAN: Good evening everyone. This song is dedicated to some friends of mine. A very special couple who have been going through a tough time.
RILEY: Buffy, I want you to know--
BUFFY: Do we have to have the talk? No talk. More dance.
RILEY: I just want to say I'm sorry and that it's only you that I want--
BUFFY: I know. I know all of that.
RILEY: You do? Since when?
BUFFY: Since you put your arms around me.
TARA: Looks like the crisis is over.
WILLOW: Good thing. Finding new boyfriends for her is exhausting. I don't know if I've got another one in me.
TARA: (as the band starts up again) Oh my God. He's gonna do something off the new album.
ANYA: Xander?
ANYA: Let's go have sex now.
XANDER: Yeah. Okay.
BUFFY: What happened to you? Can I help?
JONATHAN: (gently) Karen? That's your name isn't it? I signed my book for you.
JONATHAN: Tell me what hurt you, Karen. I can help.
BUFFY: (to a cop) What's going on? Why are you here?
SERGEANT: Mr. Levinson. Someone on your staff reported a disturbance. When I realized it was your house I thought I'd better come down in person...
JONATHAN: That's all right, Sergeant. I have it under control.
SERGEANT: Of course sir. Glad to see you're all right, sir.
BUFFY: There's something on these. Maybe she hurt it.
JONATHAN: I saw that. I'm afraid it's just condensation.
BUFFY: (embarrassed) Oh. It doesn't seem like-- yeah, sorry.
JONATHAN: Karen, I know you're scared, but I need to hear your description again.
KAREN: It was ugly. Big ugly. All bent over sort of, with these huge arms, and, and, like scabs and stuff.
JONATHAN: That must have been very frightening. I'm so sorry you--
KAREN: Oh! I forgot! It had a mark.
JONATHAN: A mark?
KAREN: On its forehead. Like a symbol.
JONATHAN: Well. This is a clue.
BUFFY: Jonathan?
JONATHAN: I've heard of this. Not a demon, just a monster. Not much more than an animal. Sticks to the woods, doesn't come near populated areas.
BUFFY: But it did this time. It might again. We should probably patrol.
RILEY: If you want me to mobilize a squad --
JONATHAN: Actually, I think Karen simply startled it -- (to Karen, comforting) Probably more afraid of you than you were of it. (to Buffy) I'll patrol, but you don't have to worry about it. I can handle it on my own. Now, let's see about getting Karen a ride home...
JAPE: Wish you'd get rid of that body. The smell's making me hungry.
ADAM: You wouldn't want it. It had a blood disease. It didn't know, but it would've been dead within the year. Humans sense so little of what they carry inside.
JAPE: Huh. Hey, guess what? There's something new in town. Attacked a girl. Caused a little fuss.
JAPE: He was there. Jonathan.
ADAM: Jonathan. Tell me. Who is he?
JAPE: You're joking, right? Jonathan is Jonathan. (points at the monitors) Look.
ADAM: These are lies.
ADAM: None of this is real. The world has been changed. It's intriguing, but it's wrong.
JAPE: Feels okay to me.
ADAM: You are under his spell like the others. I seem to be the only one who's not.
JAPE: Yeah? What makes you so special?
ADAM: I'm aware. I know every molecule of myself and everything around me. No one -- no human, no demon has ever been as awake and alive as I am. You're all shadows.
JAPE: Oh. So what do you do now? You could kill Jonathan. Or you could try, I mean, the guy's a dynamo of action.
ADAM: I don't need to do anything. These majiks are unstable, corrosive. They will inevitably lead to chaos. And I'm interested in chaos.
INGA: Jonathan! Aren't you coming to bed?
ILSA: It's getting late.
JONATHAN: I'll be right there.
WILLOW: I'm glad you're okay. Everyone in the Bronze was pretty freaked out after you all left.
TARA: So I guess you have to go fight this thing, huh?
WILLOW: All the weapons are at Giles', it won't take long--
BUFFY: No go.
WILLOW: Did you just go no go?
BUFFY: Jonathan did. Said it's some kind of brainless beastie. He's gonna take care of it himself.
WILLOW: Oh. Cool.
BUFFY: I guess. It was a little... I don't know. For a second I thought he looked... like... scared.
WILLOW: Um, Buffy, this is Jonathan. You know he doesn't get scared. You talked about it when you gave him the Class Protector Award at the Prom.
BUFFY: Right.
TARA: (indicating the path) Um-- my exit. Willow, I'll see you tomorrow.
WILLOW: Okay.
WILLOW: So. I saw you and Riley, with the dancing.
BUFFY: Mmm. It was a really great dance, you know? For the first time I felt like Faith wasn't there. Like no one was there but us.
TARA: (raggedly, in Latin) Sensus confundantur et aer oppleatur. Caligo absorbeat mentem obscuratam.
BUFFY: Willow, what's going on? I got here as fast as I could.
BUFFY: Oh my god.
WILLOW: (upset) She's going to be okay, but she's terrified.
BUFFY: What happened? What did this?
WILLOW: Someone found her in the janitor's closet about an hour ago. I think she was there all night. All alone.
BUFFY: Tara, what did this?
TARA: (weakly) Big. Lumpy. And it had a thing on it's head. Like a Greek letter only not.
BUFFY: This? Was it this?
WILLOW: Buffy? Jonathan said we were safe! Jonathan said it.
BUFFY: I guess... I guess he made a mistake.
WILLOW: He doesn't make mistakes. Remember the SATs? He got a perfect score and then he recreated the original proof of Fermat's last theorem in the margins around the answer bubbles!
BUFFY: (confused) You're right. He doesn't make mistakes.
KID: I crush you with my super-Jonathan blaster!
ANYA: Xander's not here.
BUFFY: Oh.
ANYA: You're not going away. Why aren't you going away?
BUFFY: Well, I kind of wanted to look at some of Xander's stuff...
ANYA: Oh. (practiced and flat) Please come in, make yourself at home. And so on.
ANYA: Oh, you're still here. Um... that's nice.
BUFFY: Can I ask you something? Does it ever seem, I don't know, weird to you that Jonathan is so good at everything?
ANYA: He's Jonathan.
ANYA: Hey! I was just at the part where he invents the internet!
BUFFY: Anya, he fights better than I do. And I'm the Slayer. The Slayer -- that's supposed to mean something, right?
ANYA: Oh. Um buck up, you. You kill the best. Go you. Kill kill.
BUFFY: Actually, not needing the validation. But, thanks. It's just... he's too perfect and... I don't know...
ANYA: So I can have my book back--
BUFFY: Anya, when you were a demon, you granted wishes, right?
ANYA: Vengeance wishes on ex-boyfriends. I wish he was a dog, or ugly, or in love with President McKinley or something.
BUFFY: But someone could wish the whole world to be different? That's possible?
ANYA: Sure. Alternate realities. You could have, like, a world without shrimp. Or with, you know, nothing but shrimp. You could even make a freaky world where Jonathan's some kind of not- perfect mouth-breather if that's what's blowing your skirt up tonight. Just don't ask me to live there.
BUFFY: Oh.
ANYA: Now. If you'll just give me back my book you can be on your way somewhere else.
BUFFY: Here.
BUFFY: I'm just saying it doesn't make sense. He starred in 'The Matrix' but he never left town? And how exactly did he graduate from med school? He's only eighteen years old!
XANDER: Effective time management?
GILES: I'm sorry, Buffy. I just don't understand what you're trying to say.
ANYA: Yeah. When is Jonathan gonna get here and start the meeting?
BUFFY: This is the meeting.
WILLOW: This is the meeting?
RILEY: Buffy has something to say. Let's hear what it is. Go ahead.
BUFFY: Well, I wanted to kind of... see if anyone else thinks Jonathan's, kind of, too perfect.
XANDER: No. He's not. He's just perfect enough. He crushed the bones of the Master, he blew up a big snake made out of Mayor, and he coached the U.S. Women's Soccer Team to a stunning World Cup victory. We saw him doing those things!
BUFFY: But see, I'm not sure we can trust our memories. Anya, tell them about the alternate universes.
ANYA: Oh. Okay, well, say you really liked shrimp a lot. Or, we could say that you didn't like shrimp at all. "Blah, I wish there weren't any shrimp," you say to yourself--
BUFFY: No, no. She's not saying it right. I just think he did something so he's manipulating the world, and we're all, you know, like pawns.
ANYA: (amusing herself) Or prawns.
BUFFY: (frustrated) Stop with the shrimp! I'm trying to do something serious here!
GILES: Yes, of course, I just -- I think you're a little out of your depth.
BUFFY: (hurt) But, I'm not --
RILEY: It sounds like nonsense.
RILEY: But I'm starting to know this girl pretty well and I think she sees things the rest of us don't. I think -- for once -- we should follow her lead.
BUFFY: Okay. The other day, I think I saw him ignore evidence. I think he let Tara get hurt.
WILLOW: On purpose?
BUFFY: No, no...
GILES: (concerned) How did he ignore evidence?
BUFFY: This Monster has a mark on it. Jonathan saw it and he kind of... blinked.
XANDER: He blinked. The man moistens his eyeballs and we're having a meeting about it.
BUFFY: He knew something about that Monster. He was reacting to the mark-- Wait.
ANYA: How long do we usually wait for these things?
BUFFY: I remember something. Giles, do you have a Jonathan Swimsuit Calendar?
GILES: No. (a beat) Yes.
GILES: It was a gift.
BUFFY: (quickly) No. No. Wow. No. There!
WILLOW: Oh!
ANYA: Yeah. Pretty darn lickable.
WILLOW: The other kind of oh. That's it. That's what Tara drew.
RILEY: Why would Jonathan have the same mark as the Monster?
BUFFY: (shaken) I don't know... But Jonathan is definitely keeping --
JONATHAN: Or can Mister July sit in?
BUFFY: (caught) Jonathan!
ANYA: Hi. Buffy was just saying how you had a Monster cut up Willow's friend.
JONATHAN: Buffy?
BUFFY: No. It's just, the mark. You said it was safe and it wasn't. (backing off) I'm sorry. I just don't understand.
JONATHAN: Then I'll explain. Buffy is right.
XANDER: No!
JONATHAN: I do have a history with the creature, the Monster. The problem is, every time I face it, my mind becomes, sort of, confused. There's some kind of power it possesses.
XANDER: Oh! Oh! He's your Kryptonite!
JONATHAN: Maybe. I just know it takes all my energy to try to fight the confusion. That's why I had his mark tattooed on me. So I wouldn't underestimate him next time. But it didn't work, and people got hurt. It's terrible. But I swear to you all, it wasn't malicious.
RILEY: This does explain everything.
XANDER: I knew he wouldn't do anything on purpose.
WILLOW: Me too. And that whole alternate universe thing was just freaky.
BUFFY: Jonathan. Let's go after the Monster right now. You and me.
JONATHAN: I'm sure it's left town by now. That's been its pattern.
BUFFY: We can try.
JONATHAN: (forced) Sure. Let's do that.
SPIKE: Oh, look. Jonathan. Taking the little sidekick out for a walk, are we?
BUFFY: Shut up, Spike.
SPIKE: Ooh. Semi-harsh language from Betty. You're feisty when the big guy's standing beside you.
SPIKE: Someday, Sweet Slayer, I'd love to take you on. See you face the evil alone for once.
JONATHAN: That's enough creepy small talk. We're looking for a monster.
SPIKE: Why would I know about that?
JONATHAN: Every demon in this town is gunning for you right now. So I figure you're probably keeping pretty good track of them. Big arms. Mark on its head. Have you seen it?
SPIKE: No. But then again, I'm probably lying.
JONATHAN: We're not getting anything out of him.
SPIKE: Ow! What are you doing? You aren't supposed to do that.
BUFFY: Spike, you're relying on butcher's blood right now, aren't you?
SPIKE: What are you saying?
BUFFY: Just that the butchers in this town respect Jonathan's reputation. If they do him a favor you might get pretty thirsty.
SPIKE: Look, I don't know much, okay? There's some vampires got kicked out of a cave in the hills behind Brookside park. Don't know what did the kicking out, but it was prob'ly pretty big--
JONATHAN: (to Buffy, a little shaky) That was very good. Very good.
RILEY: (off book) These spells -- these really work? I mean, can you really "turn your enemies inside out." Or "learn to excrete gold coins"?
ANYA: That one's not so much fun.
WILLOW: They work, Riley. But they take concentration, being attuned with the forces of the universe...
XANDER: Right. You can't just go (reads) "Librum Incendere" and expect--
GILES: (weary) Xander, don't speak Latin in front of the books.
WILLOW: Guys, this is weird. I'm not sure we should be doing this. Jonathan trusts us. We shouldn't be checking up on him.
XANDER: Yeah. I feel dirty. And not in a spanky fun way.
ANYA: It does feel wrong. Hey. I'm having moral qualms. That's new! (decides) I don't like 'em.
RILEY: I don't know. Buffy seemed pretty sure.
WILLOW: (gravely) Hey. I found the mark. It's part of an Augmentation spell. Jonathan did an Augmentation spell.
RILEY: (embarrassed) What... um... what did he have... augmented?
WILLOW: Him. And how we see him. This spell turns the sorcerer into a, into a sort of paragon. The best of everything, everyone's ideal. But there's a drawback.
RILEY: A drawback?
XANDER: (to Riley) That happens a lot.
GILES: In order to balance the new force of good, the spell has to create the opposing force of evil. The worst of everything. Everyone's nightmare.
ANYA: He created the monster.
XANDER: So we're saying he did a spell that just made us think he was cool?
GILES: Yes.
XANDER: That is so cool.
RILEY: Giles, Buffy and Jonathan are going after this nightmare thing. Are they going to be okay?
GILES: Well, it seems that the well-being of this creature is linked to Jonathan. If it dies, the spell is broken and Jonathan reverts to whatever he was before.
ANYA: (matter-of-fact) Jonathan isn't going to want Buffy to get very far.
BUFFY: Wow. Look at that. Fall down there and be dead for a while.
JONATHAN: Yeah. Don't... don't want that to happen.
JONATHAN: Come on. We've got a Monster to fi--
WILLOW: (trying it out) Buffy was right. Buffy was right.
ANYA: Doesn't sound very likely, does it?
RILEY: So, if this is the world he created, what's the real world like?
WILLOW: I'm scared. Everything's going to change.
GILES: Well, actually, it should be more or less the same, except that Jonathan won't be Jonathan. Not our Jonathan, anyway.
XANDER: No. No. No. No. World without sunshine! World without joy!
RILEY: But, wait. It only changes back if Buffy kills this thing, right? I mean, if she loses, we could be stuck in this... wrong world forever.
XANDER: Things looking up. I mean, we're all happy here, right? (off their looks) You know, if she doesn't get killed.
WILLOW: Can Buffy do it? Giles, can she do it?
GILES: I, I honestly don't know. She's never stood alone against something like this before.
BUFFY: (relieved) Jonathan! What do we do?
JONATHAN: I think you're gonna have to handle this one solo.
BUFFY: What? But I -- how?
JONATHAN: You'll know. You used to. And the more you hurt it, the more I'll lose my --
BUFFY: What? Lose your what?
BUFFY: Oh.
BUFFY: I remember this. This is good.
WILLOW: I can't believe we believed it.
RILEY: It seemed so real.
BUFFY: In that world it was real.
ANYA: Alternate realities are neat.
XANDER: You know what I'll always remember?
RILEY: Well, the swimsuit calendar's sticking in my mind. (off Buffy's look) Not in a good way.
XANDER: I'll always remember the way he made me feel about me. Valued and respected. Sort of tingly. And now I'm just... empty.
BUFFY: Poor Xander, I guess he hurt you most of all.
TARA: (raising hand) Um...
BUFFY: Right. After Tara, of course.
RILEY: Did anyone else feel way too tall? I felt way too tall...
JONATHAN: I, I wasn't sure you'd come over. Everyone's mostly forgetting, but I think some people are kinda angry.
BUFFY: Yeah.
JONATHAN: Nobody's even talking to me. And the twins moved out.
BUFFY: Why'd you do it anyway? No, I get why. How did you do it?
JONATHAN: After the... thing... with the bell tower and the gun? I went to counselling. Other kids with problems. One of 'em had this spell. He glossed right over the Monster. Well, anyway. I just... I just wanted to apologize. No one was supposed to get hurt.
BUFFY: Jonathan, you get why they're mad, right? Not just the Monster. People didn't like being, you know, the actors in your little sock puppet theater.
JONATHAN: You weren't! You weren't socks! We were friends.
BUFFY: Jonathan, you can't keep trying to make everything work out all at once, with some huge gesture. Things are complicated. They take time and work.
JONATHAN: (acquiescing) Yeah. Right.
JONATHAN: Hey... Buffy? You remember, I gave you some advice?
BUFFY: Um... Watch out for southpaws?
JONATHAN: No. About you and Riley. I mean, things are kinda starting to blur, but this cool thing I said, that I don't really remember, I think it was right. I think it was kinda the same thing you just said to me. About things taking work.
BUFFY: I remember.
JONATHAN: Good. Because it's true. What you have is really complicated, but it's worth it. I think that's what I said.
BUFFY: I'm glad we talked this all out.
RILEY: Um... we haven't talked at all.
BUFFY: Well, whatever we're doing? We're doing it great.
BUFFY: Oh, Jonathan...