Anybody ever told Team You that the quarterback throws like a girl?
Buffy slayed the football.
Yeah man, I'm starving. Cow me.
Tell me about it. I'm kind of in drift mode myself these days.
Yeah - but I'm not even sure what I'm doing. (back to Xander) I mean, I figure I do want my masters in psychology… But, there's different areas… The new advances in psycholinguistics are intriguing - but I've really always thought of myself as a congnative neurobiology guy.
It's tuna. Or… a pop tart.
You're not seeing the whole sexy bohemian thing? 'Cause I had it on good authority that chicks dig slack.
You should talk. Your drawer's a mess.
(joking) -- oh, no. That's my drawer. Sorry.
Maybe you should try it on. You know - just so we can see who it belongs to.
That's cool. I gotta get through all this - hey, old mail. Bonus.
(distracted) Okay… Say hi to your mom.
I couldn't believe it the first twenty times you told us, but it's starting to sink in now.
It's not that surprising that he knows you, Buffy. You are the slayer.
I don't know. He may have a Bunch of swell party tricks but he's still just a vampire. I say we load up with stakes and crossbows and go after him now.
You're not just saying that because of those dark, penetrating eyes of his, are you?
(frustrated) If the Initiative was still around we'd be able to find everything on this guy in a few hours.
So what's your plan?
I'm kind of wired. Maybe I should just let you rest.
Nothing you are about to say will lead to rest.
With donuts.
I'd put that down unless you're bucking for one hell of a headache.
Cut the crap, Spike. I'm looking for some information.
(sighs) Give me something useful and you can talk all the trash you want.
What can you tell me about Dracula?
You know him?
But he's not just a regular vampire. He has special powers, right?
He's in town, making his presence known.
Actually - seems like he might be gunning for Buffy. But I'm out to find him before he gets another shot at her.
So you're saying I should check out mansions? That sort of thing?
You've helped Buffy before. Chips were down, you jumped sides long enough to make yourself useful. So she has a problem with killing you now that you're helpless. (beat) I don't.
(steps up, is much taller) Would you?
It's jelly - want it?
Yeah, I did a little research, too. Dracula likes to live in style. Which means we can rule out the usual dumps vampires haunt.
You shouldn't go alone, Buffy. This guy is seriously dangerous.
Take off that scarf.
You're under the thrall of the Dark Prince!
Then take that scarf off.
Buffy…
What did I tell you? That's thrall.
What do you mean, a part? Only <u>part</u> of you is resisting? (worried) Which part's not?
No, it's okay. I shouldn't take this personally. I mean, what with Angel, it's understandable that there would be transference. I mean, they're both broody immortals…
Okay. But you're not going anywhere near him again.
Another bust.
Too late to worry about that now. If we hurry we can still hit these last places.
(facetious) I've lived in Sunnydale a couple years now. Know what I never noticed before?
A big, honking castle.
Let's split up. You stay here - I'll take the next corridor down.
Your Master - ?
Okey-dokey.
(calling out) Buffy, are you - Giles!
Grab on, hurry!
No sir. No more chick pit for you.
Buffy? Are you okay?
It could have been worse. At least you weren't making time with the Dracubabes like Giles here.
Really? You were gonna nuzzle 'em to death?