I'm exhausted just looking at those two. The splashing and the jumping and the running… Shouldn't relaxing involve less exertion?
I'd love to make with the moo but the fire's not cooperating. I think this charcoal is made out of water.
Well they had a newfangled gas stove at the burger place.
Anya embarrassing me in public! Who saw <u>that</u> comin'?
Not for long. The job is over in a couple weeks - then all my ends will be loose again.
I hear ya.
It's comforting to know I lack the culinary finesse of a caveman.
Well you gotta stop ordering the Crackachino. What do you got, double espresso in there? It's not safe.
Yay…
(cutting her off) News flash, will. Everybody knows.
Oh. Not that I wouldn't be all ears if you wanted to tell me a secret about you two. Even if it was very, very naughty.
'Kay. Want to see if Buffy's hanging 'round the headstones?
Hey Buff. What's up?
Fine. I was going to give you a sip of my double mint mocha but-
Nice. Look whose got a bad case of Dark Prince envy.
No, we're not going to "Leabbb you." And where'd you get that accent, Sesame Street? "One, Two, Three - three victims! Maw ha ha!"
Wow. Really? Hey, sorry man… I was just, jokin' around…
(scoffing) Oh, yeah. Vampires can't even do that- (realizing) How'd he <u>do</u> that?!
…so then Buffy's all - look out! - and then friggin' <u>Dracula's</u> standing right behind us and can I just say he's in serious need of a monster make-over?
He totally looked shorter in person-
How would you know?
You "hung out" with Dracula?
(bristling) Please. He was no big whoop…
Ahhh - definitely.
So how come he can do that?
(raises his hand) Second.
(unhappily) Adorable.
(fuming) Or better yet - why don't you just go sit on a crypt and flaunt your neck cleavage until he shows up? Then you two can talk private.
Oh no. Just because you're panting over the guy-
Miss - who? Tool… That's so- (changing tactics) You've been snooping!
You don't want to come back to my place?
Fine. I suppose Dracula doesn't' use bleach, huh? He's a darks only man!
Great. Perfect… Know what? You're not so big. One round of old fashioned fisticuffs, and I bet you'd fold like a bitty baby… (then/dukes up) Okay. Lets do it. No "poofing."
Come on, Puffy Shirt. Pucker on up, 'cause you can kiss your pale ass good-
Yes, Master.
No! That's not-
Your emissary…
(growing excited) <u>Blood</u>. Yes, yes… I will serve you, your excellent spookiness- (off Dracula's look) -or Master. I'll just stick with Master.
But, Master, how can I find - ?
Brilliant. What an exit. Guy's a genius.
Got it. Mine, mine…
(snorts) Like any of that's enough to fight the Dark Master- (off their looks) - bator.
Ah! But he's smart enough to figure we'd know that. I'm guessing he's laying low.
See? Buffy didn't feel it. I think you're drawing a lot of crazy conclusions about the Unholy Prince. (off their looks again) - bator…
(eyes still on spider) Well, that is intimate. Dracula's gifting these ladies with his own blood. And blood - blood is life! (quickly) According to them.
'Cause she didn't want to worry us, right Buffster? It's nothing. Just a scratch -
(scoffing) You're saying Dracula has some sort of freaky mind control over her? You've been watching too many creature features man.
(eagerly) You can come to my place. I'll make sure you stay put.
(interrupting her) What time is it?
(matter of fact/ to Buffy) I'm supposed to deliver you To the Master now. There's this whole deal where I get to be immortal… Are you cool with that?
(matter of fact/ to Buffy) I'm supposed to deliver you To the Master now. There's this whole deal where I get to be immortal… Are you cool with that?
Master - I deliver the slayer. She who you most desire! Sorry, 'whom.'
So now comes the immortality, right? You do the thing and -
You bet. But I'll be outside, whenever. Any old time you feel like bestowing eternal life… or, you know, just a little nibble of something fleshy…
Nobody harms my Master.
You want him? You come through me.
Where is he? Where's the creep who turned me into his spider- eating man bitch!? I've got a flaming enema with his name on it-
Damn it!.. You know what? I'm sick of this crap. I'm sick of being the guy who eats the insects and gets the funny syphilis! As of this moment, it's <u>over</u>. I'm finished being everybody's butt monkey!!
No kidding? You got tranced?