(sighs, re: Jinx) Never send a minion to do a god's work.
Hey, nice sword.
Bet it hurts.
(re: blood) That is so cool the way you people here keep  doing that. It's really the only thing worth  mentioning about this backwater plane of  existence.
Now, one more time. Just between me and  you. Our itsy-bitsy little secret. Where… is…  the Key?
Won't need a thousand, sweetie. I'll make  the first one last. Long time. Even if you  don't know anything.
(frustrated) What is it with you religious types?! (light bulb) It's intimacy, isn't it?! Aww, you're just  scared of letting someone in…
Shhh… It's okay. I know how hard the first  time can be.
You don't have to be afraid. Just relax.  You may not have the info I want, but  you've still got something I need…
Mmmm. Righteous.
Hey. Don't I know you?
Ughh! Cotton! Could a fabric be more  annoyingly pedestrian?
Now this is what I'm talking about.  Makes your skin sing!
Getting bored fast?
It's an eensy more complicated than that.  Family always is, isn't it?
(back to Dawn) You'd never make it. I'd rip your spine  out before you got half a step. Those  little legs wouldn't be much good without  one of those…
… would they, Dawnie?
Now, what I'm trying to noodle is what in  the world was the Slayer's little sis doing  here with gentle Ben?
Remember what? You were talking to  him, not me.
He wasn't being naughty, was he?
Rude! I'm talking here!
(to Dawn) What do you say we find someplace off  the beaten so we can have a nice long  <u>uninterrupted</u> chat, girl to god…
Now this one! Oh, I think they really  captured something here. I just love  seeing what's on the inside of people.  Although I usually prefer a more hands  on approach myself. (turning to Dawn) Okay! Small talk over. I'm in a bit of  a crunch here, so let's cut right to the  ooey gooey center. Your sister, the Slayer,  has my Key. It's mine, I want it. Do you  know where she squirreled it away? There's  ice cream and puppy dogs in it for you if  you start singin'.
Well let's see… The last time I got a peep  it was a bright green swirly shimmer.  Really brought out the blue in my eyes.  But then those sneaky little monks pulled  an abracadabra, so now it could look like  anything. You see my predicament?
Yes…
Okay!
Not as long as me, but yeah. Just this  side of forever.
Totally. Well, no, not really. (shrugs) I guess it depends on your point  of view.
Yes! We have a winner!
I smell a fox in my henhouse! Is that  why you were playing sugar and spice  with Uncle Ben? Trying to get a peek  at Glory's unmentionables?
Shhh! I kinda want to hear me talking  now. Me talking… (considering Dawn carefully) You know what I'm starting to think?  I'm thinking maybe <u>you</u>…
… don't have any idea where my Key is.  Very irritating. Irrational. You know  what I mean, tiny snapdragon? Like bugs  under my skin and say, I'm feeling a little…
Hey! This doesn't have to be a complete  waste of my precious time! I've been  meaning to send the Slayer a message -  and I could use a little pick me up… (brightly) Two birds, one stone, and boom -  you've got yummy dead birds.
(delighted) Oh hey! We were just talking about you!
If he wakes up, tell your boyfriend to watch  his mouth.
Hey, those are really nice shoes!
Oh, please! Like that's gonna -
Hey! Watch the hair!
Okay! Time to start the dyin'!
Nice catch!
Is that the best you little crap gnats could  muster? 'Cause I gotta tell you - so  not impressed.
Look what you did to my dress, you little -
Oh sh -