BUFFY: Look, I know mom wants to gather and make with the merry tomorrow night, but with  everything going on -
WILLOW: -- this is exactly what you need! A twentieth birthday party with presents and funny hats and candles you can't blow out! (to Tara) Those used to scare me.
TARA: Me too!
BUFFY: I just don't know if this is a good time to  break out the party piñata, Will. We need to  stay focused if we're going to find a way to  stop Glory.
XANDER: We're going up against a god. An actual,  mightier-than-thou god.
WILLOW: You know what they say. The bigger they  are…
ANYA: The faster they stomp you into nothin'.
BUFFY: She's right. I've thrown everything I got at  her, and she just shrugs it off.
WILLOW: Then we have to find something heavier to throw.
GILES: That might pose some difficulty. From what  the Council has been able to discover from the  Book of Tarnis and other sources, Glory and  two of her fellow Hellgods ruled one of the  particularly nastier demon dimensions.
BUFFY: There's more than one?
ANYA: There are thousands of demon dimensions.  All different.
GILES: And all pushing at the edges of this reality,  trying to find a way in.
BUFFY: I guess Glory found one. The question is why?
GILES: (re: Book of Tarnis) There's nothing here to indicate. Just vague  references to chaos and destruction.
WILLOW: Just once I'd like to hear a reference to balloon  animals.
BUFFY: Okay, so we know where Glory's from, but  what do we know about <u>her</u>? She's tough, yeah,  but no bolts of lightening or blasts of fire.  Shouldn't a god be able to do that kind of stuff?
GILES: Usually, yes. Being in human form must be  severely limiting her powers. All we have to  worry about now is her being immortal,  invulnerable, and on the constant brink of  insanity.
XANDER: A crazy Hellgod? And the fun just keeps  on leaving.
GILES: The way I see it, living in our world is  affecting her mentally. She's only able to  keep her mind intact by extracting energy  from us - from the human, well, from the  human brain.
TARA: (horrified) She's a brain sucker?
GILES: She absorbs the energies that bind the human  mind into a cohesive whole. But once drained,  all that's left behind -
BUFFY: (getting it) -- are crazy people.
GILES: I'm afraid that's why there's been a marked  increase in the ranks of the mentally disturbed  here in Sunnydale.
TARA: (haunted) At least vampires just kill you.
BUFFY: We have to come up with something to stop her.
WILLOW: Tara and I could work on some tactical spells.  If she's not too punchable, maybe she's not  totally invulnerable to magic.
BUFFY: That's a start.
ANYA: I can help with the research. I know way more  about demon dimensions than Giles. (off his look) Well I do.
XANDER: This is all great long term plan-y stuff, but  what about this Key thingy Glory's looking for?
TARA: Yeah. Shouldn't we be trying to find it before  she does?
BUFFY: (evasive) I don't think we have to worry about that.
WILLOW: They got a point. Whatever Glory's planning  on opening with the Key I'm guessing it won't  be filled with flowers and candy.
XANDER: So where should we start looking? Do we  know where it used to be kept? Who saw it last -
BUFFY: We did. Giles and me. We know where it  is, so -
XANDER: You what?!
WILLOW: You know and you didn't tell us?
GILES: There were reasons.
BUFFY: If Glory found out you knew where it was -  I didn't want to put you in that kind of danger.
XANDER: As opposed to the other kind we're always in?  Glory's going nuts trying to get her hands on  the Key, and you've known where it is all along?
WILLOW: You should have told us.
BUFFY: Willow -
BUFFY: You're right. (soft, to Giles) It's time.
GILES: Are you sure?
BUFFY: They're going to be risking their lives.  They deserve to know.
XANDER: Know what?
BUFFY: (steeling herself) There's something I have to tell you.  About Dawn…
KNIGHTS: …the link must be severed… such is the will  of God… The Key is the link… the link must  be severed… such is the will of God…
JINX: I fear your faith is gravely misplaced.
ORLANDO: Shall we test <i>your</i> faith now?
GLORY: (sighs, re: Jinx) Never send a minion to do a god's work.
GLORY: Hey, nice sword.
GLORY: Bet it hurts.
DAWN: Hey! You guys doin' a spell?
WILLOW: Dawn, hey. Yeah, it's an early warning  incantation. If anything Hellgod-ishly  powerful comes within a hundred feet of  the shop, screechy Siren things'll, you  know - screech.
TARA: That should give us enough of a heads up  to hide - (catches herself) -- the, uh, Key.
WILLOW: We already put one up around your house.
DAWN: Cool. Can I help?
WILLOW: I don't think Buffy would like the Black Arts  bumping auras with littlest Summers.
DAWN: Yeah, whatever.
TARA: How can she not be real?
WILLOW: She's real. She's just kinda… new.
DAWN: Hey. We on the case?
XANDER: Yeah. Right on top. Perched, ready for  action. How's my sweet fancy Dawn  doing?
DAWN: Fine. What's up with you? You get  into the sugar again?
ANYA: (blurting) You make a very pretty little girl!
XANDER: (covering) Anya, you want to help me with that thing?
ANYA: (to Dawn) Xander needs help with his thing!
GILES: I'm not sure our basic work-out is challenging  you anymore. Perhaps we should make it harder.
BUFFY: You always think harder is better. Maybe next  time I patrol, I should carry bricks and use a  stake made out of butter.
GILES: Very amusing. (smiling at Dawn) I bet Dawn feels like that with her school  work sometimes.
BUFFY: Hey, Dawn. That true? How was school  today?
DAWN: The usual. A big square building filled with  boredom and despair.
BUFFY: Just how I remember it.
BUFFY: So what's the homework sitch?
DAWN: We're s'posed to imagine what we'll be like  in ten years and write a letter to our future  self. The teacher's clearly so out of ideas.  Wanna help?
BUFFY: Maybe later. I got a few things to take  care of.
DAWN: (to Buffy) Is it about that weird girl that came to the  house?
BUFFY: Glory. And no, it's not.
DAWN: Like you'd tell me anyway. "Dawn's too  young." "Dawn's too delicate --"
BUFFY: Right. A young delicate pain in the butt.
DAWN: I think you're just freaking out 'cuz you have  to fight someone prettier than you. That's the  big crisis, isn't it?
BUFFY: Dawn, Glory is powerful, evil and is no way  prettier than me.
DAWN: (opening her diary) Maybe you're just getting soft in your  advanced age. She didn't look that tough  to me.
GLORY: (re: blood) That is so cool the way you people here keep  doing that. It's really the only thing worth  mentioning about this backwater plane of  existence.
GLORY: Now, one more time. Just between me and  you. Our itsy-bitsy little secret. Where… is…  the Key?
ORLANDO: Even if I knew… (grins defiantly) I'd die a thousand deaths before I tell you.
GLORY: Won't need a thousand, sweetie. I'll make  the first one last. Long time. Even if you  don't know anything.
GLORY: (frustrated) What is it with you religious types?! (light bulb) It's intimacy, isn't it?! Aww, you're just  scared of letting someone in…
GLORY: Shhh… It's okay. I know how hard the first  time can be.
GLORY: You don't have to be afraid. Just relax.  You may not have the info I want, but  you've still got something I need…
GLORY: Mmmm. Righteous.
WILLOW: See? Just what you needed.
BUFFY: You are very, very wise. Now gimmie  gimmie gimmie!
ANYA: This is extremely suspenseful. (getting excited) I want the presents!
BUFFY: Pretty! Thank you!
TARA: We thought you'd get a lot of crossbows  and other killy stuff.
WILLOW: So we figured, less killy, more frilly.
ANYA: It's lovely! I wish it was mine! (off the looks) Oh like you weren't all thinking the  same thing.
GILES: I'm fairly certain I wasn't.
DAWN: Open mine.
BUFFY: (opening it) It's not going to explode, is it -
DAWN: It's when we visited Dad that summer in  San Diego. I put the shells on myself.  They're the ones we picked off the beach.
BUFFY: Yeah. I remember.
DAWN: Jeez, don't get all Movie of the Week. I  was just too cheap to buy you a real present.
BUFFY: Thank you.
JOYCE: It still sounds to me like there's a lot you  don't know about this. I mean, is she…  is she… dangerous?
BUFFY: No.
GILES: Well, let's wait a second on that. I assume  you're asking about her existence, not her  intentions…
BUFFY: Dawn? What are you doing? Party getting  slow out there?
DAWN: We need plates. It's cake time.
DAWN: (frustrated) Why does everybody start acting all weird  when I'm around?
XANDER: (startled) Me? Me not weird.
DAWN: I'm not an idiot. I know you're talking  about me.
XANDER: No. no, we really weren't.
ANYA: We were talking about sex.
DAWN: (to Joyce) They were talking about me. Just like  everybody else is.
XANDER: Again, not so much. In fact, none.
ANYA: (to Joyce) We were talking about sex. You know  us. Sometimes we pretend stuff -
JOYCE: Um…
XANDER: Anya…
ANYA: Like, say, there's a fireman? Or a  shepherd?
BUFFY: Okay, you know what? Let's not have this  exchange of images right now…
DAWN: Oh. Right. Of course. Can't let Dawn hear  <u>anything</u>. Fine. I'll just go to bed. That  way I won't accidently get exposed to,  like, <u>words</u>.
WILLOW: (lamely) Cake?
DAWN: (heart pounding) Jeez! Lurk much?
SPIKE: Wasn't <i>lurking</i> - I was standing about.  It's a whole different vibe.
DAWN: What is - (incredulous) Are you giving Buffy a <u>birthday</u>
<u>present</u>?  Oh my god, weird! Plus, chocolates?  Lame! And the box is all bent and you  know she'd never touch anything from  you anyway!
SPIKE: (threatening) Shouldn't you be tucked away in your  beddy-bye, all warm and safe where  nothing can eat you?
DAWN: (laughs) Is that supposed to scare me?
SPIKE: (dejected) Little tremble wouldn't hurt.
DAWN: Sorry, it's just - come on. <u>I'm</u> badder  than you.
SPIKE: Are not.
DAWN: Am too. You're standing in the bushes  hugging a bent box of chocolates. I'm -
SPIKE: What? Sneaking off to braid hair and  watch the Teletubbies with your mates?
DAWN: No. I'm breaking into the magic shop.  To steal things.
SPIKE: Magic shop, eh? All number of beasties  between here and there. Bet they'd really  go for a little Red Riding Hood like you. (looking toward the house) I bet that wouldn't set too well with big sister.
DAWN: I can take care of myself.
DAWN: Wanna come steal some stuff?
SPIKE: (a beat) Yeah, all right.
DAWN: You know how to do that or not?
SPIKE: Give us a sec. I usually just burst through  doors -
SPIKE: That's right. Who's bad now?
SPIKE: Girl with a mission, eh? So what's the caper?  Jewels? Mystical artifacts? Or just plain  hard cash liberated from the till?
DAWN: A book.
SPIKE: All this for a book?
DAWN: I don't want the book - just what's inside.  I think it was Giles' notes. He was standing  here with it but when I turned around it was gone -
SPIKE: Where'd he learn to write so bloody small?  From a fruit fly?
DAWN: Wait - here' something. "Tarnis, twelfth  century. One of the founders of the Monks  of the Order of Dagon. Their sole purpose  appears to have been as protectors of the Key."
SPIKE: Brown robe types are always protecting  something. Only way they can justify  giving up girls.
SPIKE: Hey. Troll hammer.
SPIKE: Doesn't go with my stuff anyway.
DAWN: (reading) "The Key is not directly described in any  known literature, but all research indicates  an energy matrix vibrating at a dimensional  frequency beyond normal human perception.  Only those outside reality can see the Key's  true nature." Outside reality? What's that  mean?
SPIKE: Second sight blokes, maybe. Or even just  your run-o'-the-mill lunatics.
SPIKE: What else does it say about this key? Is  it made of gold? Might be able to hock  it, split the take.
DAWN: "The Key is also susceptible to necromanced  animal detection, particularly those of canine  or serpent construct…"
SPIKE: "The Monks possessed the ability to transform  energy, bend reality…" Blah blah blah. Good  Lord, Giles writes as dull as he talks, doesn't he? (a beat) "They started work, but the Council has suggested  to us that they were interrupted, presumably by  Glory. They obviously did manage to accomplish  the… taste? (squinting at the handwriting) Accomplish the <u>task</u>. They had to be certain the  Slayer would protect it with her life. So they sent  the Key to her in human form… in the form of a sister."
SPIKE: Huh. I guess that's you, nibblet.
WILLOW: (delicately) Not even a card, huh?
BUFFY: I wasn't really expecting one. No contact  with civilians. I'm sure there's a code  name for it. Like "radio silence." It's  "greeting card silence."
WILLOW: Sorry.
BUFFY: Maybe it's time for a new tradition:  birthdays without boyfriends. It can  be just as fun.
WILLOW: Preaching to the choir, here, baby.
TARA: Yeah, some of my best - (seeing something) Oh God…
DAWN: (shell-shocked) Is this blood?
JOYCE: Dawn!
BUFFY: What did you do?!
DAWN: It's blood, isn't it? It can't be me. I'm not  a Key. I'm not a thing…
JOYCE: Sweetie, no, what is this all about…
DAWN: What am I? Am I real? Am I anything?
WILLOW: Whatever you need, just…
BUFFY: Thanks.
GILES: Perhaps I should stay. Just in case…
BUFFY: (softly, no) This is family stuff. We need to deal with it.
DAWN: Why didn't you tell me?
BUFFY: We were going to. We just…
JOYCE: We thought it would be better to wait  until you were older.
DAWN: How old am I now?
JOYCE: Fourteen. You know that.
DAWN: No. the monks. When did they…
BUFFY: (softly) Six months ago.
DAWN: (devastated) I've only been alive for six months?
JOYCE: No, honey. You've been alive longer than  that to us.
DAWN: You don't know that. You don't know  anything! I'm a Key - everything about  me's just… made up.
BUFFY: Dawn, Mom and I know what we feel.  I know I care about you, know I worry…
DAWN: You worry 'cause you have to - I'm  your job. "Protect the Key," right?
BUFFY: No, I worry because my <u>sister</u> is cutting  herself -
DAWN: Yeah? How do you know? Maybe it's just  another fake memory. From my fake family.
JOYCE: Honey…
DAWN: (softly) Get out.
BUFFY: Dawn…
DAWN: (screaming, totally losing it) Get out! GET OUT! GET OUT!
XANDER: Maybe we could…
WILLOW: Buffy, is everything okay?
BUFFY: (avoiding the question) Did you find anything new?
GILES: (gently) We're looking, but -
BUFFY: We need answers, Giles. We need to find  out everything about the Key. What's it  for? Who created it?
XANDER: And why Glory's got a big girl god jones  for it.
BUFFY: No, this isn't about her. It's Dawn. She  deserves to know where she came from.  She needs to know. Or - or it's just gonna  eat away at her…
GILES: How did she find these? How did she even  get in here in the first -
ANYA: Eeww!
ANYA: Who's been using the Urn of Ishtar as an  ashtray?
SPIKE: Mornin', sunshine. If you've come 'round  for eggs and sausage, I'm fresh out -
SPIKE: Hey! Careful…
SPIKE: (re: his nails) … These are wet!
BUFFY: You let Dawn find out like that? From  books and papers? You hate me that  much?
SPIKE: I was just along for the ride. Not like  I knew she was mystical glowy key thing.  Nobody keeps me in the bloody loop, do  they?
BUFFY: You could have stopped her. You could  have -
SPIKE: Oh, yeah, here it comes. Something goes  wrong in your life, blame Spike. Newsflash,  Blondie:
SPIKE: If kid sis wants to grab a midnight stroll, she'll  find a way, sooner or later. I just thought she'd  be safer with the Big Bad looking over her shoulder.
BUFFY: She shouldn't have found out like that.
SPIKE: You didn't think you could hide the truth from  her forever, did you? Maybe if <u>you</u> had been  honest with her in the first place, you wouldn't  be trying to make yourself feel better with a  round of Kick the Spike.
BUFFY: You have no idea how I feel.
JOYCE: Honey? You're going to be late for school.
DAWN: I'm not going. Blobs of energy don't need an  education. Do they?
JOYCE: You want me to make you some soup? I  think there's some chicken and stars -
DAWN: I'm not sick! I'm not anything!
JOYCE: Honey, calm down. I -
DAWN: Don't tell me what to do. You're not my  mother.
DAWN: I changed my mind. I'd rather be at school.
BEN: All right, fellas! Today we got greens and  blues and hey! Chartreuse! It's a party!
ORLANDO: The birds have been pecking too long.
BEN: Byzantium…
JINX: Unfortunate, but not completely unexpected.
BEN: How many?
JINX: (eyeing Orlando) Their numbers are few, for the moment.  But they'll grow. The Knights of the  Byzantium are like ants. First you see one.  Then two. Then… the picnic's ruined. (to Ben) No matter how many we kill, they'll keep  coming, wave after wave… It's time to put  old animosities aside. Your fate is directly  tied to her magnificently scented Glorificus.  She's been extremely forgiving of your  considerable foibles up until now, but if  you persist in your defiance she'll be forced  to -
BEN: What?! What is she going to do? Send a  six-pack of minions to bore me to death?  Glory can't lay a finger on me. You know  it, I know it, <u>she</u> knows it. So save the  threats - or I'll finish the job I started on your head.
JOYCE: We can't just let her sit up there all alone.
BUFFY: She needs time, mom. We can't force her  to be all right with this.
JOYCE: So that's your answer? Leave her alone  and hope everything works itself out?
BUFFY: No, but if I were her I'd want a little space  right now to try to figure things out, not my  mom and sister coming at me from all sides.
JOYCE: Her school called today. She's been suspended.  She told one of her teachers to - (she can't repeat it) She's never used language like that before.
BUFFY: She probably feels like she can say or do anything  now. It won't matter because she's not real.  We're not her family. We don't even know what  she it.
JOYCE: How can you talk about Dawn like she's  a thing?
BUFFY: I'm not. I'm saying that's how she feels.
JOYCE: Then we need to show her it's not true.  She needs to know that she's still a part  of this family and we love her.
BUFFY: It's not that simple. We're not going to fix  this with a hug and a kiss and a bowl of soup.  Dawn needs to know what she is. She needs  real answers.
JOYCE: What she needs is her sister, Buffy. Not the Slayer.
BUFFY: Mom, the Slayer is the only thing standing  between Dawn and a god from the Bitch  Dimension that wants to stuff her in some  kind of lock and give her a good twirl. I  need to be out there doing my job or else.
BUFFY: Willow's spell. Glory -
JOYCE: Wait - (her eyes going wide) It's not Glory…
BUFFY: Dammit!
JOYCE: Buffy -
BUFFY: No, mom, she could've burned the  house down -
JOYCE: (stunned) She's gone.
GILES: Willow's warning spell wasn't tripped?  You're sure?
BUFFY: It wasn't Glory. Dawn's been acting…  It hasn't been easy for her. She tore her  room up, burned all her diaries -
XANDER: The Dawnmeister Chronicles?
WILLOW: She's been keeping those since she was  - I mean…
BUFFY: Since she was seven. I remember too, Will. (combat mode) We have to find her, fast. Before Glory or the  Knights of Hack and Slash figure out what she  - <u>who</u> she really is. Mom's at the house in case  Dawn comes back there. The rest of us'll split  up and sweep the city. Spike, reach out to your  dank and darks, find out if they've seen -
SPIKE: I'd love to help, but -
BUFFY: I'll pay you. Just do it.
SPIKE: Chip in the head, sweetcheeks. Means I can't kill  anything but demons. They didn't exactly vote  me most popular this year. (off their looks) Well, a fellah's gotta kill <u>something</u>…
TARA: Maybe if we figure out where she'd run to…
WILLOW: Oh! The mall! She loves the mall. (to Buffy) I think she gets that from you.
GILES: The Bronze perhaps?
ANYA: Dog park! She's got a thing for the  Schnauzers! I remember -
XANDER: But none of those memories are real.
BUFFY: (brusquely) They were to her. And to me.
XANDER: I'm just saying she might <u>avoid</u> the places  she remembers because of that.
BUFFY: Well, for now we have to assume… (determined) Anya, stay put in case she shows up here.  Giles, Xander - sweep the center of town.  Willow, Tara - west side. Spike, you're  with me on the east. We have to -
BUFFY: (soft) Just find her. Please.
DAWN: Bet you can't push me all the way 'round!
BUFFY: Oh yes I can!
DAWN: No you can't!
XANDER: There are so many things I remember.  Seeing Dawn, hanging with her, listening  to Buffy complain about her. Mostly  that last one. How could all of those  things just… never have happened?
GILES: Takes getting used to. To think, that a  bright fourteen year-old is actually living  energy, thousands of years old.
XANDER: And I'm guessing some kind of  super-powerful in her raw form.
GILES: (nods) People have killed, died, and summoned  armies to control the Key.
XANDER: You know, she's uh, she's kinda got a  crush on me.
GILES: Your point being…?
XANDER: Well, no, nothing, I'm just saying, powerful  being, big important energy gal, diggin' the  Xan-man. Some guys are just cooler, you  know…
WILLOW: Maybe - maybe that way.
TARA: (gently) We looked that way. And this way, and  the other way. She's not out here.
WILLOW: Where would you go? If you felt lost  and alone? Where would you go?
TARA: (a beat) To you.
BUFFY: Dawn?! DAWN?!
SPIKE: Yeah, that should do it.
BUFFY: Shut up.
SPIKE: The nibblet scampered off to get away  from you. She hears you bellowing she'll  pack it in the opposite direction. Can't  say I blame her.
BUFFY: You were right. It's my fault. I should  have told her.
SPIKE: She probably would have skipped off  anyway, even if she never found out.  She's not just a blob of energy - she's  also a fourteen-year-old hormone bomb.  Which one's screwing her up more right  now? Spin the bloody wheel. (eyeing the night) You'll find her, just in the nick of time.  That's what you hero types do. (soft, sincere) You'll find her.
BUFFY: And then what?
DAWN: Please. You see me, right? Look at me.
DAWN: You know what I am, don't you? You all  know? Tell me.
DAWN: What am I?
ORLANDO: I found it! (squeezing eyes closed) Thank you. Thank you…
DAWN: You know what the Key is? Where did I  come from? Who made me? What am I?  Please -
ORLANDO: Destroyer! Cracked earth and bones!  The sun bleeding into the sky!
DAWN: No…
ORLANDO: The Key is the link! The link must  be severed -
BEN: Two steaming cups of chocolate goodness.  Courtesy of whoever I swiped it from out  of the cupboard.
BEN: Couldn't find any marshmallows. I'll try  to steal some for next time.
DAWN: (absently) Don't like 'em anyway.
BEN: (laughs) What? Is that even possible?
DAWN: Too squishy. When I was five, Buffy  told me they were monkey brains…
BEN: (warm and gentle) Dawn, was your mom brought back in?  Is that why you're here?
DAWN: (bitterly) No. My "mom" 's fine.
BEN: Is there anybody I can call? Your sister?
DAWN: I don't have a sister.
BEN: Oh. You two have a fight? (a beat) It's okay. I know how that goes. I got a  sister, too. They can be a real pain  sometimes, huh? I'll tell you, there's been  a lot of nights I wish <u>she</u> didn't exist either.
DAWN: It's not Buffy. It's me. I'm the one that  doesn't exist.
BEN: Look, I know it can feel that way sometimes,  but when you're older -
DAWN: No, you don't understand! It's not real! (re: her own body) None of this! They made it!
BEN: Dawn -
DAWN: I'm nothing! I'm just a thing the Monks  made so Glory couldn't find me! I'm not real!
BEN: You're the Key?
DAWN: (stunned) How do you know about the -
BEN: Go. Before she finds you. Don't ask me  how she knows, 'cause she always knows,  just go.
DAWN: Wait. Calm down. Just tell me…
BEN: You don't understand, you're a kid, you  stay and she'll find you, she finds you,  she'll hurt you…
DAWN: What's wrong with you?
BEN: (totally losing it) No no no no! You're what she's been  searching for. I'm telling you, run!  You don't know! You - (stiffening in horror) Oh no. Oh god, no. She's coming. I  can feel it. You've got to get out!  SHE'S HERE - OH, NO…
BEN: She's <u>HERE</u>!
GLORY: Hey. Don't I know you?
GLORY: Ughh! Cotton! Could a fabric be more  annoyingly pedestrian?
GLORY: Now this is what I'm talking about.  Makes your skin sing!
DAWN: You're - you're -
GLORY: Getting bored fast?
DAWN: You're Ben?
GLORY: It's an eensy more complicated than that.  Family always is, isn't it?
GLORY: (back to Dawn) You'd never make it. I'd rip your spine  out before you got half a step. Those  little legs wouldn't be much good without  one of those…
GLORY: … would they, Dawnie?
GLORY: Now, what I'm trying to noodle is what in  the world was the Slayer's little sis doing  here with gentle Ben?
DAWN: You don't remember?
GLORY: Remember what? You were talking to  him, not me.
GLORY: He wasn't being naughty, was he?
GUARD: This area's for hospital personnel only.  I'm going to have to ask you to -
GLORY: Rude! I'm talking here!
GLORY: (to Dawn) What do you say we find someplace off  the beaten so we can have a nice long  <u>uninterrupted</u> chat, girl to god…
WILLOW: We looked but… no Dawn.
BUFFY: What about the carousel?
WILLOW: We checked there too.
BUFFY: Nothing?
XANDER: I'm sorry, Buff.
BUFFY: Anything could have happened to her.  I mean, not just Glory… (gravely) We'd better check the hospital.
GLORY: Now this one! Oh, I think they really  captured something here. I just love  seeing what's on the inside of people.  Although I usually prefer a more hands  on approach myself. (turning to Dawn) Okay! Small talk over. I'm in a bit of  a crunch here, so let's cut right to the  ooey gooey center. Your sister, the Slayer,  has my Key. It's mine, I want it. Do you  know where she squirreled it away? There's  ice cream and puppy dogs in it for you if  you start singin'.
DAWN: I'm… I'm… not sure. What's it look like?
GLORY: Well let's see… The last time I got a peep  it was a bright green swirly shimmer.  Really brought out the blue in my eyes.  But then those sneaky little monks pulled  an abracadabra, so now it could look like  anything. You see my predicament?
DAWN: Maybe…
GLORY: Yes…
DAWN: Maybe if you told me more about it,  I'd know if I've seen it.
GLORY: Okay!
BUFFY: She wasn't brought in.
XANDER: That's a happy thing, right?
BUFFY: (nearing meltdown) I don't know. I can't -
JANITOR: I found him up on the third floor in the  break room! You gotta see him! His  head's almost twisted clean off!
BUFFY: Glory.
DAWN: So this Key thing. It's been around for  a long time.
GLORY: Not as long as me, but yeah. Just this  side of forever.
DAWN: Is it… evil?
GLORY: Totally. Well, no, not really. (shrugs) I guess it depends on your point  of view.
DAWN: What's it for? I mean if it's a Key,  there's gotta be a lock, right?
GLORY: Yes! We have a winner!
DAWN: So, what does it open?
GLORY: I smell a fox in my henhouse! Is that  why you were playing sugar and spice  with Uncle Ben? Trying to get a peek  at Glory's unmentionables?
DAWN: No, I -
GLORY: Shhh! I kinda want to hear me talking  now. Me talking… (considering Dawn carefully) You know what I'm starting to think?  I'm thinking maybe <u>you</u>…
GLORY: … don't have any idea where my Key is.  Very irritating. Irrational. You know  what I mean, tiny snapdragon? Like bugs  under my skin and say, I'm feeling a little…
DAWN: What's wrong with you?
GLORY: Hey! This doesn't have to be a complete  waste of my precious time! I've been  meaning to send the Slayer a message -  and I could use a little pick me up… (brightly) Two birds, one stone, and boom -  you've got yummy dead birds.
GLORY: (delighted) Oh hey! We were just talking about you!
BUFFY: Conversation's over, Hellbitch.
SPIKE: (to Buffy) I thought you said this skank was tough?
GLORY: If he wakes up, tell your boyfriend to watch  his mouth.
BUFFY: (that did it) He's! Not! My! BOYFRIEND!
GLORY: Hey, those are really nice shoes!
BUFFY: Giles, now!
GLORY: Oh, please! Like that's gonna -
GLORY: Hey! Watch the hair!
GLORY: Okay! Time to start the dyin'!
BUFFY: Dawn!
DAWN: Buffy!
GLORY: Nice catch!
BUFFY: (to Dawn) Get back!
GLORY: Is that the best you little crap gnats could  muster? 'Cause I gotta tell you - so  not impressed.
GLORY: Look what you did to my dress, you little -
WILLOW: (Latin) Discede! (Be Gone) 
TARA: Willow!
BUFFY: (stunned) What did you do to her?
WILLOW: (weakly) Teleportation spell… Still working out the  kinks…
BUFFY: Where did you send her?
WILLOW: Don't know. That's one of the kinks…
GLORY: Oh sh -
BUFFY: Dawn!
GILES: (helping Willow) That's an incredibly dangerous spell for  an adept at your level.
WILLOW: (wiping blood from her nose) Yep. Won't be trying that one again soon.
BUFFY: Are you all right?! Did she hurt you?
DAWN: Why do you care?
BUFFY: Because I love you. You're my sister.
DAWN: No, I'm not.
BUFFY: Yes, you are. Look.
BUFFY: Blood. Summers' blood.
BUFFY: Just like mine.
BUFFY: It doesn't matter how you got here or  where you came from. You are my  sister. There's no way you could annoy  me as much if you weren't.
DAWN: I was so scared.
BUFFY: Me too.
DAWN: (suddenly remembering) Wait! Ben! He -
DAWN: (confused) He was here. He was trying to help me,  but then he… I think he might have left  before Glory came. I - I can't remember.
BUFFY: It's okay. We'll thank him the next time  we see him. (then) We'd better get back. Mom's freaking out.
DAWN: Is she mad? About the fire?
BUFFY: I think you sort of have a get out of jail  free card, on account of big love and trauma.
DAWN: Really? Okay… Good.
DAWN: Think she'd raise my allowance?
BUFFY: (cutting her off) Don't push it.