Wasn't <i>lurking</i> - I was standing about.  It's a whole different vibe.
(threatening) Shouldn't you be tucked away in your  beddy-bye, all warm and safe where  nothing can eat you?
(dejected) Little tremble wouldn't hurt.
Are not.
What? Sneaking off to braid hair and  watch the Teletubbies with your mates?
Magic shop, eh? All number of beasties  between here and there. Bet they'd really  go for a little Red Riding Hood like you. (looking toward the house) I bet that wouldn't set too well with big sister.
(a beat) Yeah, all right.
Give us a sec. I usually just burst through  doors -
That's right. Who's bad now?
Girl with a mission, eh? So what's the caper?  Jewels? Mystical artifacts? Or just plain  hard cash liberated from the till?
All this for a book?
Where'd he learn to write so bloody small?  From a fruit fly?
Brown robe types are always protecting  something. Only way they can justify  giving up girls.
Hey. Troll hammer.
Doesn't go with my stuff anyway.
Second sight blokes, maybe. Or even just  your run-o'-the-mill lunatics.
What else does it say about this key? Is  it made of gold? Might be able to hock  it, split the take.
"The Monks possessed the ability to transform  energy, bend reality…" Blah blah blah. Good  Lord, Giles writes as dull as he talks, doesn't he? (a beat) "They started work, but the Council has suggested  to us that they were interrupted, presumably by  Glory. They obviously did manage to accomplish  the… taste? (squinting at the handwriting) Accomplish the <u>task</u>. They had to be certain the  Slayer would protect it with her life. So they sent  the Key to her in human form… in the form of a sister."
Huh. I guess that's you, nibblet.
Mornin', sunshine. If you've come 'round  for eggs and sausage, I'm fresh out -
Hey! Careful…
(re: his nails) … These are wet!
I was just along for the ride. Not like  I knew she was mystical glowy key thing.  Nobody keeps me in the bloody loop, do  they?
Oh, yeah, here it comes. Something goes  wrong in your life, blame Spike. Newsflash,  Blondie:
If kid sis wants to grab a midnight stroll, she'll  find a way, sooner or later. I just thought she'd  be safer with the Big Bad looking over her shoulder.
You didn't think you could hide the truth from  her forever, did you? Maybe if <u>you</u> had been  honest with her in the first place, you wouldn't  be trying to make yourself feel better with a  round of Kick the Spike.
I'd love to help, but -
Chip in the head, sweetcheeks. Means I can't kill  anything but demons. They didn't exactly vote  me most popular this year. (off their looks) Well, a fellah's gotta kill <u>something</u>…
Yeah, that should do it.
The nibblet scampered off to get away  from you. She hears you bellowing she'll  pack it in the opposite direction. Can't  say I blame her.
She probably would have skipped off  anyway, even if she never found out.  She's not just a blob of energy - she's  also a fourteen-year-old hormone bomb.  Which one's screwing her up more right  now? Spin the bloody wheel. (eyeing the night) You'll find her, just in the nick of time.  That's what you hero types do. (soft, sincere) You'll find her.
(to Buffy) I thought you said this skank was tough?