I don't know what to say.
It's just difficult to wrap one's mind around... and she has no idea?
Are you going to tell her?
This woman, this... whatever she was, she knows you now. Should we be thinking about sending Dawn away?
I don't know... Your father's?
Do we tell the others?
Yes. We have to find out who exactly this woman is, and what it is she needs Dawn for. If she comes after you --
People help each other out, Anya. It's one of our strange customs.
Well, I see myself in a patriarchal sort of role. You know, a lot of pointing and scowling.
Stop that, you two.
Stop. You're going to break something.
Yes, we'll find her weaknesses, and then...
We could perhaps be a bit less effusive, Anya Let's not frighten the people away.
(smiles) Yes. Well why don't you start organizing the shipping orders?
Well, I've narrowed it down some...
Well, you didn't give me much to go on. She looks human, so the mug shots aren't any use... you can't be a bit more specific about what she was like?
(dryly) Ah yes that one of course our work is done.
Come up with anything?
And you are talking about what on earth?
You're in a magic shop and you can't think of anything Tara might like. I believe you're both profoundly stupid.
Bloody well better not. I've already got mine wrapped.
Private collection. The books for sale are along the wall there.
Was there something in particular you were looking for?
How do you do.
No, no, and I've nothing earth shattering to relate. I did have a few thoughts, though, and I want to make sure we're all on the same page.
Now, I think I may have a lead on the monk Buffy spoke with. There are a few orders I've read up on...
I'm sorry, where was I?
Yes. I'd like us to start looking into some of these orders. It's possible that whatever order this monk was from was wiped out entirely, and I'm sure that wouldn't go unnoticed --
Certainly not. Dawn, shut the door.
Under there. Go.
How many are there?
You put a spell on us to keep us from seeing your demon side. That's why we couldn't see our attackers.
And you're not just dealing with two little girls.
Mr. Maclay, I'd say your business here is finished.