Well. There's my girl.
Yes.
One of your dorm-mates said you might be here.
Pleasure. (to Tara) Well, I don't mean to interrupt your plans, I know we've come on you kind of suddenly. But I thought we'd have dinner.
Why don't I pick you up at six? And we'll... do some catching up.
(to the group) Forgive me for running out --  we're double parked.
Donald. (to Tara) I'll see you tonight.
The door wasn't locked. I was a little early.
I suppose you wanted me to see all these... toys.
You don't even try to hide it anymore. I'd hoped maybe you'd gotten over the witchcraft thing, that if we let you go you'd get it out of your system. Then they told me to look for you in the... that store.
Of course we came. We haven't heard from you in months, your birthday's getting closer and closer, you know what that means...
You're turning twenty. The same age your mother was when... do your friends even know?
Are you lying to me?
So they don't know. They think you're human.
Tara, you're coming home with us. You know it's the only way.
This charade has gone on for too long. Do you want to put your friends in danger?
Tara, you can't control what's going to happen. You're my daughter and I love you but you are a demon. You have evil inside you and it will come out. And letting yourself work all this magic is only gonna make it worse. Where do you think that power comes from?
Evil never does.
I don't feel much like eating right now. I'll give you a little time, but we need to be gone by morning.
Your family loves you, Tara, no matter what. How do you think your friends are gonna feel when they see your true face?
Tara!
What in the name of God is that...?
I don't understand...
I told you, you try to run from it you'll put these people in danger. (re: demon) And, my God...
Demon.
The women in our family have... demon in them. Her mother had it; it's where the magic comes from. This isn't something we generally like to share with strangers. We came to take her home before... well, before things like this started happening.
The camper's outside.
It's not the point and it's not your concern. The girl belongs with us. We know how to control her problem.
(to Willow) That is not your decision, young lady --
You are going to do what's right, Tara. Now I am taking you out of here before somebody DOES get killed. The girl belongs with her family, I hope that's clear to the rest of you.
What?
Is this a joke? I am not gonna be threatened by two little girls.
This is insane! You people have no right to interfere in Tara's affairs. We are her <b>blood kin</b> -- who the hell are you?
Evil is evil.
(last ditch) Tara... for eighteen years your family has taken care of you and supported you, if you wanna turn you back --
Magic.