I think that's the last.
I wish I knew. I heard there was a  nest here, but quite frankly I was  expecting vampires. These are new.
Well, I'm sorry. I should have had  you better prepared, and I should  never have allowed Willow and… and…
I expect we can leave them. I'm more interested in finding out what they are, and if we can expect any more of their kind.
Sorry.
The end of the world.
They seem very committed to it. The Sisterhood of Jhe is an apocalypse cult, they exist solely to bring about world destruction. And we've not seen the last of them. More will follow.
Buffy, this is no laughing matter.
Ah yes. Cutting it a bit close.
I think so. Based on the artifacts I found  with them, and taking into account the  current astral cycle -
They intend to open the Hellmouth.
About twenty feet from where  you're standing.
(Latin) Noli me renuere,umbra ducens! Sapientia manium super me effundatur! (English) Do no deny me, spirit guide! Let the wisdom of those who have passed be showered upon me!  VOICE FROM EVERYWHERE (Latin) Illae res occultae sunt tempori et locis obscuris! Nmeo mortalis conscius doctrinae peritae sit. Enuntiare illas Chaos super  orbem vivum terrarum ferat! (English) These secrets belong to time and the dark regions! No mortal shall be privy to the lost knowledge. To reveal them would bring Chaos down upon the living Earth!  GILES (Latin) Belua propulsanda est. Invenire vitium suum nostar spes sola est! (English) The beast must be fought. Our only hope lies in finding its weakness!
Trying to gain access to the spirit guides - not going very well, I'm afraid. What are you doing here?
Thank you, but the best thing you can do right now is to keep yourself out of trouble.
There's something different about this menace. In the air, I can feel it. The stench of death.
(hand on Xander's shoulder) We may all be called upon to fight when it happens.
I'd best go. Hopefully, there will be time to prepare. All we need is a few weeks.
(Latin) Terra, vente, ignis et pluvia. Cuncta quattuor numina, vos obsecro. Defendite nos a recente Malo resoluto- (English) Earth, wind, fire and rain. All four powers I beseech you. Protect us from fresh evil unleashed-
Anywhere is safer than here. (then) Help me with the candles.
Yes, but once it's ready, you're to stay back and let me do the final recitation (she starts to --) Don't argue with me. I want you safe. (looking to where the opening will be) Who knows what's going to come up  from beneath us.
My god… it's grown…
The stupidest. But the world continues to turn.