It was an earthquake, Buffy. A not uncommon occurrence in Southern California. There's no reason to think it's anything more.
(sympathetically) Yes. I know that. And therefore completely understand your anxiety.
But until evidence suggests otherwise, I think we should assume this was the result of shifting land masses and not a portent of Imminent doom.
In the meantime, I've come up with a few theories regarding our mysterious commando friends.
Yes. Now, based on the location of our various sightings, and Spike's descriptions of their underground installation--
If the quake is heralding a catastrophe such as that, I'm sure they'll be other signs to follow, affording us enough time to avert it. (back to map) Now, I believe the commandos' installation is somewhere very close to, if not directly under, your school. And as such, I'm convinced one or more of them may be in your very midst--
What?
(interrupting her) Buffy, will you please stop worrying about what may be and concentrate on what is.
Vigilance is all well and good, but as I feel we're getting close, there's a much more pressing question...
Yes, very upsetting. I'm still not clear on why you and he were on the bed...?
(gravely) The end of the world.
The earthquake, this symbol--
I'm so very sorry. My contrition completely dwarfs the impending apocalypse.
End of the world. Divisions break down, Hell itself flows into our lives like a sea of fire. Loss, tears and heart-rending pain without end for every human man, woman and child on this earth. Death ten times over. For each of you and everyone you love.
A Vahrall demon.
(reads) "Slick like gall, and gird in moonlight, father of portents and brother to blight... "
There must be... thousands of rituals like that. The Test of Gervail, a number of passion spells, death-pact bonding--
Oh - as usual - dear.
(to Will and Xander) I'm fine... I'm-
It's my fault. I should have known-
The Word of Valios was the name of a talisman. Not a book. I blame myself entirely. I had it here-
It was in a lot I purchased at a sorcerer's estate sale. I really only glanced at it once, thought it was a knock off.
They must be on their way to perform the sacrifice-
(nods) The Hellmouth. It opens the Hellmouth... The one in the library.