BUFFY: Well, somebody should speak before one of us graduates.
RILEY: What are you?
BUFFY: Capricorn. On the cusp of Aquarius. You?
RILEY: Sorry. Came out a little blunter than I intended. It's just... (enthused) You're amazing. Your speed, your strength--
BUFFY: Also passionate, artistic And inquisitive. (pointedly) Who are you?
RILEY: (sincere) You know who I am. The rest... (uncomfortable) What I do... I can't tell you.
BUFFY: Then, let me. You're part of some military monster squad that rounds up demons, vampires -- probably have official-sounding euphemisms for them like "Unfriendlies" or "Non-sapiens..."
RILEY: (offering) Hostile Sub-Terrestrials.
BUFFY: There you go. So you deliver these... "HSTs" to a bunch of lab coats who perform experiments which, among other things, turn some into harmless bunnies. How am I doing so far?
RILEY: (with some concern) A little too well.
BUFFY: Meanwhile, by day, you pretend to be Riley Finn, corn-fed Iowa boy. You ever even been to lowa, Riley? (realizing) God, if that's even your name.
RILEY: It is. Born and raised. And hey, bulletin, I'm not the only one who's been less than honest here.
BUFFY: I'd have thought a professional Demon chaser like you would've figured it out by now. (obviously) I'm the Slayer.
BUFFY: Slay-er. Chosen one? She who hangs out a lot in cemeteries?
BUFFY: You're kidding. (sighs, then) In every genera-- (w/o skipping a beat) You know, I really don't feel like doing the routine. Ask around. Look it up: "Slayer comma The."
RILEY: And you fight... demons... I mean, you wailed on them -- and these guys were in shape. Kind of a weird shape, but --
BUFFY: You did pretty well yourself.
RILEY: But I'm a walking bruise today. See me with my clothes off I look like... I mean I have bruises... purple. Don't see a scratch on you.
BUFFY: Not looking hard enough.
RILEY: I'm looking pretty hard.
RILEY: So, then... What do we... do?
BUFFY: (sobering) I don't know. I'm still... I really thought you were a nice, normal guy.
RILEY: I am a nice, normal guy.
BUFFY: Maybe by this town's standards, but I'm not grading on a curve. (after a beat) I think we both need a little time to process... everything. Decide where this... where we're...
RILEY: Yeah. I think that's a good idea.
RILEY: Don't think I need to tell you...
BUFFY: I won't say a word to anybody.
RILEY: Good. It'll be safer for all--
RILEY: --concerned.
BUFFY: What's--
RILEY: (jazzed) Wow. That was some ride,
RILEY: Sorry. I'm a little excited. It's my first earthquake.
BUFFY: It isn't mine.
SPIKE: Ga! My sodden sleeping chair's bloody... sodden.
XANDER: The quake just knocked a couple of pipes loose. There's a wrench hanging up over there by the work bench. Try tightening the valve nut.
SPIKE: I look like a plumber to you?
XANDER: No, you look like a big mooch who doesn't lift a finger around here. But I have to get to work.
SPIKE: Yeah. Delivering melted cheese on bread. Doing your part to keep America constipated.
XANDER: Mock not. Remember who pays for the plasma around here, pal.
XANDER: You earn your keep or you don't get kept. (slapping the tool into Spike's hand) When you're done fixing the leak, try cleaning up this mess.
XANDER: And doing a little laundry for once wouldn't kill you. Unfortunately.
WILLOW: Hey. I was in the library when the quake hit. Almost got buried in 19th Century English Literature. And I don't have to tell you how hard it is to dig through some of that stuff.
WILLOW: You okay?
BUFFY: Yeah. Couple of broken knickknacks. No biggies.
WILLOW: Well, Porter Dorm is completely blacked out, so naturally they're dealing with the crisis the only way they know how: "Aftershock Party."
BUFFY: From the dorm that brought you the "Somebody Sneezed Party" and "Day That Ends in a 'Y' Party."
WILLOW: They do seem to be generous with the milestones. You should ask Riley to come. Much carousing by flattering candlelight.
BUFFY: Riley. Riley is... busy, I'm pretty sure. Why don't I meet up with you there. On my way for a little Giles one-on-one.
WILLOW: Anything wrong?
BUFFY: (with forced lightness) Wrong? No. Not at all.
BUFFY: Something horrible's going to happen. Giles.
GILES: It was an earthquake, Buffy. A not uncommon occurrence in Southern California. There's no reason to think it's anything more.
BUFFY: I've so got a reason. Pretty darn good one. The last time we had an earthquake, I died.
GILES: (sympathetically) Yes. I know that. And therefore completely understand your anxiety.
BUFFY: Oh, good. Hate for my little "untimely, horrible death" concern to be ambiguous.
GILES: But until evidence suggests otherwise, I think we should assume this was the result of shifting land masses and not a portent of Imminent doom.
GILES: In the meantime, I've come up with a few theories regarding our mysterious commando friends.
BUFFY: Oh. Really?
GILES: Yes. Now, based on the location of our various sightings, and Spike's descriptions of their underground installation--
BUFFY: (interrupting him) Okay, say this quake was a sign -- a bad omen. And we just ignore it. There's gonna be some pretty red faces around here if the world comes to an end.
GILES: If the quake is heralding a catastrophe such as that, I'm sure they'll be other signs to follow, affording us enough time to avert it. (back to map) Now, I believe the commandos' installation is somewhere very close to, if not directly under, your school. And as such, I'm convinced one or more of them may be in your very midst--
BUFFY: Plague!
GILES: What?
BUFFY: If the end is coming in the form of a plague, too many people may become infected before we--
GILES: (interrupting her) Buffy, will you please stop worrying about what may be and concentrate on what is.
GILES: Vigilance is all well and good, but as I feel we're getting close, there's a much more pressing question...
RILEY: What's a slayer?
FORREST: Slayer? Thrash band. Anvil-heavy guitar rock with delusions of Black Sabbath.
RILEY: No. A girl. With powers.
FORREST: Oh. The Slayer. Oh, yeah, man. I've heard of the slayer.
RILEY: Fill me in.
FORREST: Well, the way I got it figured, Slayer's like some kind of Bogeyman for the Sub-Terrestrials. Something they tell their little spawn to get them to eat their vegetables and clean up their slime pits.
RILEY: You're telling me she doesn't exist.
FORREST: (snickering) Oh, wait a sec. Am I bursting somebody's bubble here? Maybe this is a bad time to tell you about Lara Croft. And the Easter bunny.
FORREST: Sorry. Sorry. It's a myth, Rye. All part of that medieval folklore garbage kooks dream up to explain the things we deal with everyday.
RILEY: And how do you explain the things we deal with, Forrest?
FORREST: (shrugs) They're just animals, man. Plain and simple. Granted, a little rarer than the ones you grew up with on that little farm in Smallville, but--
FORREST: (choking) Where's... that... hypo...?
RILEY: Never mind.
FORREST: Like I said. Animals. (re banging) What's that racket?
RILEY: The "animals" are rattling their cages. Been going on all day. Wonder what's got them all worked up.
FORREST: Earthquakes, man... They make everybody crazy.
WILLOW: (excited) Percy! Hi!
PERCY: Hey, Willow. What's goin', on?
WILLOW: Oh, stuff. Thought you got that football scholarship to USC.
PERCY: I did. Laurie goes here.
LAURIE: Hey.
WILLOW: Hi. Some party, huh?
LAURIE: It's okay.
PERCY: So, how's Oz?
WILLOW: Oh. Oz. Well, um, actually, he's--
PERCY: We're gonna get some drinks. Cool to see you.
WILLOW: Yeah, catch you...
WILLOW: Buffy'll get here soon. Then the fun'll start.
PARTIER: Hey, you guys serious about naked limbo, I'm in.
WILLOW: (to herself) Buffy. Where are you?
LAURIE: Why, so I can watch you flirting with that red head?
PERCY: Rosenberg? Yeah, right. She was just some egghead who tutored me a little in high school. She's nice, but, please... captain of the nerd squad.
LAURIE: Well, I don't know. Maybe you have a thing for geeks.
PERCY: No. I like my women hot. Call me old fashioned...
WILLOW: Hello? Anyone in here?
XANDER: Mmm. Too bad you don't eat, Spike. Dropped a sausage and mushroom, and the guy wouldn't take it--
XANDER: Spike! Place is worse than when left. Didn't even fix the drip.
XANDER: Spike? What is it? What's happened?
XANDER: (horrified) Oh my god.
SPIKE: I shrunk them. My bleeding shirt, trousers...
XANDER: Look at you. You have knees! Very white knees!
SPIKE: Damn things keep doing that.
XANDER: You know I'm not any happier about you wearing my stuff than you are.
SPIKE: That cannot be true. Don't know how you let yourself be seen in this... wanker-wear.
XANDER: Hey. I'm known as a very sharp dresser.
SPIKE: (petulant) Go out. Get me some decent stuff. And I want more blood.
XANDER: No. You're not a guest. You're a vampire and you have no soul and don't get exactly why we're not making you into Spike-on-a-stick.
SPIKE: Wish you would, if it's gonna be like this.
XANDER: That's my mom's!
SPIKE: How you gonna stop me, you stupid sod? Property damage I can do.
XANDER: That's it! I am way past through with you. Hate to break it to you, Oh, Impotent One, but you're not the "Big Bad" anymore. You're not even the "Kinda Naughty." You're nothing but a waste of space. My space. And as much as I always got a big laugh watching Buffy kick your shiny, white bum, and as much as I know I could give you a little bum-kicking myself now, I'm here to tell you... (gets in Spike's face) You're not even worth it. (heads up the stairs) I'm outta here. Anybody looking for me, I'll be at Anya's.
SPIKE: (mocking) Fine. Run off to your girlfriend, then. "Oooooh. Spike's so mean to me -- boo hoo hoo..."
WILLOW: Buffy. Over here.
BUFFY: Wow. See, I was kind of unsure about where the party was. And then I saw the flashing red lights and the ambulance, and it's like... oh, right, of course. Carnage. Death. It's a Buffy party.
WILLOW: I'm so glad you're here.
BUFFY: What happened?
WILLOW: I found him. A guy on the bed. With me. Dead. Not me dead. He dead.
BUFFY: Poor, Will. Vampire?
WILLOW: So much blood. Godfather horse-head amounts of blood, hold the horse. And there was a symbol and Percy said I was a nerd.
BUFFY: Percy called you a nerd?
WILLOW: We should probably report to Giles, get started on the demon tracking. Save lives and stuff.
BUFFY: (as they go) Does Percy even go here?
FORREST: Yes! Swish! Nothing but net. And rim. And backboard.
FORREST: Hey. Ground control to Major Finn. You're up.
FORREST: Okay, that makes oh-for-a-billion. You don't got game, son. What's going on in that head of yours?
RILEY: Just trying to... make up my mind about something. (looks at Forrest) Buffy... She's pretty cool, isn't she.
FORREST: Yes, already. She's cool. She's hot. She's tepid. She's all- temperature Buffy. Can we just concentrate on the game here?
FORREST: Good block. You should use your face more often.
GRAHAM: We have an alpha code blue situation.
RILEY: One of ours?
GRAHAM: Negative. Civilian at the Porter Hall party.
FORREST: HST attack?
GRAHAM: Cannot confirm that. Couldn't close without calling attention to myself.
FORREST: (to Riley) Should we mobilize?
RILEY: No. I'll go. Do a little recon. See if it falls in our domain. You alert Prof. Walsh. Tell her we have a casualty of indeterminate nature. Let's not make a move until we get the whole story.
WILLOW: It just made me feel like I was right back in high school.
XANDER: Dumb jock... if it wasn't for you he still would be.
WILLOW: ...of course, the Percy thing isn't really important. It's the dead guy on the bed.
XANDER: Yeah, that's bad too.
BUFFY: Creepy.
GILES: Yes, very upsetting. I'm still not clear on why you and he were on the bed...?
WILLOW: Oh! And something else. He -- the dead guy -- was propped up, like whatever killed him wanted to drain the blood out of him. Only there wasn't so much blood there. And so I'm thinking the whatever took a bunch of the guy's blood with it. (then, still upset) And I haven't been a nerd for a long time. Hello, dating a guitarist? Or, I was...
BUFFY: (prompting Willow) Tell them about the symbol.
WILLOW: (searching her pockets) Oh, right. It was carved right into his chest. Like a big creepy eye.
XANDER: It's kinda the CBS logo. Could this be the handiwork of one Mr. Morley Safer?
BUFFY: I've seen this before. Somewhere. I can't remember. It's like...
GILES: (gravely) The end of the world.
WILLOW: Again?!
GILES: The earthquake, this symbol--
BUFFY: I told you! Giles, I said, "end of the world," and you're all like... pooh pooh, Southern California pooh pooh--
GILES: I'm so very sorry. My contrition completely dwarfs the impending apocalypse.
WILLOW: It just can't be. We did this already.
XANDER: It is losing its impact a little.
GILES: End of the world. Divisions break down, Hell itself flows into our lives like a sea of fire. Loss, tears and heart-rending pain without end for every human man, woman and child on this earth. Death ten times over. For each of you and everyone you love.
XANDER: Hmm. Feeling the impact again.
WILLOW: What do we do?
BUFFY: I stop it.
BUFFY: (self-mocking) "Ooh, I wonder where I've seen this before." Where else? The place I spend almost all my waking hours, memorizing stuff off the sides of mausoleums. Big freaky cereal boxes of death---
BUFFY: (casual) Door was open.
RILEY: Wow. That flippy thing you did...
BUFFY: Riley. Where--?
RILEY: It's gone. Saw it take off toward the woods.
BUFFY: You didn't follow it?
RILEY: No weapons. No backup. You don't go after a demon that size by yourself.
BUFFY: I do.
RILEY: Yeah, well, I'm no slayer.
RILEY: (into walkie talkie) Base One, this is Lilac one...
BUFFY: Lilac?
VOICE: (filtered) Go.
RILEY: Confirm sighting of an unidentified sub-T. Mobilize patrol team for debriefing at oh-eight-hundred hours.
VOICE: (filtered) Copy that.
BUFFY: Very commandery, lilac not withstanding. What are you doing here?
RILEY: Looking for you. She who hangs out in cemeteries.
BUFFY: Well, I gotta get the... demon...
RILEY: Don't sweat it. We'll bag him.
BUFFY: It's not that simple.
RILEY: Yeah, but I really think we --
BUFFY: Riley, I can't. I just --
RILEY: Can't talk?
BUFFY: Can't... any of it. Can't be with you. It's a mistake, it's a huge black pit of a mistake and I can't go there again.
RILEY: Again? You've dated me before?
BUFFY: No. But I've been involved with... you don't know what my life is like.
RILEY: And I'm dying to find out!
BUFFY: Operative word: dying. There's too much risk -- there's too much... It's just doomed, okay, and I can't do doomed again right now.
RILEY: I don't understand where this is coming from. I know you like me. And it's not like we don't have anything in common.
BUFFY: But it's --
RILEY: Buffy. I'm thrown by this. I'm confused. But I can feel my skin humming -- my hands, my... every inch of me. I've never been this excited by a girl and I'm not trying to scare you, not gonna force myself on you but I am by God not gonna walk away because I think it might not work. I don't know what's happened in the past --
BUFFY: Death. Pain. Apocalypse -- none of them fun. Do you know what the Hellmouth is? Do they have a fancy term for it, 'cause I went to high school on top of it. For three years. We don't have that much in common. This is a job to you.
RILEY: It's not just a job --
BUFFY: It's an adventure, great, but for me It's destiny. It's something I can't escape, something I can't change. I'm stuck.
RILEY: You don't have to be. You're not in high school anymore. You can change things.
BUFFY: Riley... No.
RILEY: I know it seems like --
BUFFY: My answer is no.
GILES: A Vahrall demon.
WILLOW: Eww.
XANDER: I second that revulsion.
GILES: (reads) "Slick like gall, and gird in moonlight, father of portents and brother to blight... "
BUFFY: "...Limbs with talons, eyes like knives. Bane to the blameless, thief of lives..."
RILEY: ...three meters tall, approximately one hundred to one-twenty kilograms, based on my visual analysis.
GRAHAM: Special hazards?
RILEY: Unknown, probably nothing we haven't handled before. There's no pattern that we can discern yet -- got to assume he's on a basic 'Kill-crush-destroy.' So I want him bagged fast.
BUFFY: Thing isn't digging up the bones of a child for fun.
XANDER: Well, demons got some hilarious ideas about fun...
WILLOW: It has to be a spell of some kind. Something that uses blood and bones.
GILES: There must be... thousands of rituals like that. The Test of Gervail, a number of passion spells, death-pact bonding--
WILLOW: Bones of a child, though. I saw that... (spots the passage) An ancient ritual -- it uses the blood of a man, the bones of a child, and... and something called the Word of Valios. It's all part of a, a sacrifice. "The sacrifice of three."
BUFFY: Let me guess. It ends the world.
WILLOW: Well, yeah. But it's not big with the details. It doesn't say how the world ends - or what the ritual entails, exactly.
XANDER: A sacrifice of three. Three people are going to die?
BUFFY: No, they won't. Because claw-boy won't get all the ingredients. We have to find that last one, the thingy... The Word of Valios. Keep him from getting it.
WILLOW: If he doesn't already have it. I mean, who knows where he's been?
RILEY: Here's one for the good guys. Thing's got a pheromone signature a mile wide. And Agent Gates's been working with a detection system the lab's developing.
FORREST: Can't tell where it's going. But I've got a bead on where it's been. Residual traces showing up in populated areas. Thing's not shy.
RILEY: We'll be going out in civvies -- day clothes only, guys. Weapons stowed in packs, keep 'em out of sight 'til nightfall. And remember... this one isn't a capture. It's a kill.
FORREST: Pick up quadrant assignments from me... we'll blanket the town.
BUFFY: I'll check the majik shop. See if they've heard of a book called the "Word of Valios." Willow, Xander, how 'bout the book archives at the museum?
XANDER: We'll go by my place on the way. Get some weapons. And I can change into something less anchovy scented.
BUFFY: Will, Xander - this thing takes its wicked pretty seriously. Be careful. I couldn't stand anybody getting hurt.
SPIKE: Goodbye Dru. See you in hell.
SPIKE: Bloody rot! Can't a person knock?
WILLOW: What are you doing!?
XANDER: You were trying to stake yourself!
SPIKE: Fag off. It's no concern of yours.
XANDER: Is too. For one thing - that's my shirt you're about to dust. And for another - we've shared a lot here. You should have trusted me enough to do it for you.
WILLOW: Xander-
XANDER: What? He wants to die. I want to help.
WILLOW: Well - I don't know - it's ooky. We know him. We can't just let him poof! himself.
SPIKE: (desperate) But you can. You know I'd drain you drier than the Sahara if I had half a chance. Besides, I'm beyond pathetic. Stuck in this basement, washing skivvies for a blighter I wouldn't have bothered to bite a few months ago-
XANDER: Hey-
SPIKE: I mean - am I even remotely scary anymore? Tell me the truth.
WILLOW: (trying) Well, the shirt is, kinda. And-
SPIKE: Please. Leave a bloke a shred, will you?
WILLOW: I'm sorry. it's just not right. And besides - you still haven't told Buffy everything about the commandos.
XANDER: (to Spike) Fine. But you break anything else while we're gone and you'll be sleeping in the garage, Buster.
WILLOW: We can't just leave him like this. We'll have to take him with us to the museum.
SPIKE: You go on. I won't do anything. I feel better now. Promise.
XANDER: (to Spike) Look at the happy. If we don't find what we're looking for - we're facing an apocalypse.
SPIKE: (heartened) Really? You're not just saying that?
RILEY: Buffy.
BUFFY: (re: device he holds) Is this really the time for Donkey Kong?
RILEY: What? Oh-
RILEY: It takes trace readings of the creature's pheromones.
BUFFY: And?
RILEY: It's either mating season for this thing - or it's moving all over town.
FORREST: Can I have a minute, man?
RILEY: (to Buffy) Excuse me.
BUFFY: Actually, I should get going anyway-
RILEY: No. Hold up.
FORREST: We have some giant ass creepy crawly out there, and you're chatting up your honey? Might want to check your priorities.
RILEY: (laughs lightly, fondly remembering) Hey, remember that time I asked you your opinion? Gee, neither do I... (then) You and Graham move ahead. I'll catch up with you in a few minutes.
FORREST: I don't know about this girl, man. She's got you whupped something fierce, and you haven't even-
RILEY: (cutting him off/hard) You'd be wise not to finish that thought, private. Now carry on.
FORREST: Carrying on.
RILEY: Sorry.
BUFFY: That's okay. But, really, I'd better keep moving. You know - big bad needing to be squished-
RILEY: Right. I'm on it too. (then/frustrated) It's just - this thing. This you and me thing? It's stupid.
BUFFY: Right. Which is why we can't. Do the you and me thing.
RILEY: No. I mean you're stupid. I mean, I don't mean that... no, I think maybe I do.
BUFFY: Wow. Sweet talk like that will melt my reservations.
RILEY: I'm serious. You've got this twisted way of looking at things. This - this doom and gloom mentality. You keep thinking like that, things are probably going to turn out just the way you expect.
BUFFY: You know, there is nothing more dangerous than a psych grad student.
RILEY: Buffy -- where's the bad here? It just turns out we're even more well matched than we thought we were. I mean, you're a-
RILEY: -fry cook. And so am I.
BUFFY: Right. But you're an amateur... fry cook and I come from a long line of fry cooks who don't live past twenty-five.
RILEY: Which is exactly the attitude I'm talking about! I know the risks of what we do. I also know it's more rewarding than any other job on the planet. And fun-
BUFFY: Fun? Right. The last person I knew who believed that is in a coma right now because she had so much "fun" on the job.
RILEY: I'm not saying you shouldn't take your work seriously-
BUFFY: But just turn my frown upside down, is that it? I wish I could - but this isn't the kind of gig where you hang it up at the end of the day and snuggle with your honey.
RILEY: But why? Why can't it be?
BUFFY: I've tried it, okay? And every time, things fall apart - and I get sucked right back into the uber evil.
RILEY: (cutting her off) Welcome to the story of the world! Things fall apart, Buffy. Evil - it comes and goes. But the way people manage is, they don't do it alone. They pull each other through. And, sometimes, they even enjoy themselves. If you weren't so self involved, you'd see that!
BUFFY: (hurt) You don't know what you're talking about. You barely know me.
RILEY: I know that it's not just the job thing. I'm sure there's some good looking guy that done you wrong in there too but mostly I think you want to stay down in the dark place. 'Cause maybe it's safer down there.
BUFFY: You are so out of line-
RILEY: No - see - I don't think so. We have an opportunity here, you and me. And the fact that you're too scared to even give it a try-
BUFFY: It is my business. So why don't you just leave me alone?
RILEY: Fair enough.
WILLOW: Great. No Word of Valios.
XANDER: Not even a syllable of Valios.
SPIKE: (mildly hopeful) Which means I'm one step closer to melting in a sea of molten hell fire, yeah?
WILLOW: You shouldn't talk like that, Spike. Okay - you can't kill anymore. But there are other fun things you can do. You'll adjust.
SPIKE: Adjust? And what - end up like the two of you? No thank you.
XANDER: Here it goes. (to Will/mocking her) "We can't just leave him here to stake himself. It's not right."
SPIKE: I should think you'd be glad to greet the end of days. I mean, neither one of you is making much of a go at it. (to Xander) You. Kids your age are going off to University -- you made it as far as the basement (re: Will) And Red here. You couldn't even keep dog boy happy. I mean, you can take the loser out of high school-
WILLOW: (cutting him off) I see what you're doing. You're trying to get us to dust you-
SPIKE: Am not. I just don't want pity from geeks more useless than I am.
WILLOW: We are not useless! We - we help people. We fight the forces of evil-
SPIKE: Buffy fights the forces of evil. You're her groupies. She'd do just as well without you. Better, I'd wager - since she wouldn't have to go about saving your hides all the time.
XANDER: That is so not true. We're part of the team. She needs us.
SPIKE: Or - you're just the same 10th grade losers you've always been - and she's too much of a softy to cut you loose.
GILES: Oh - as usual - dear.
GILES: (to Will and Xander) I'm fine... I'm-
WILLOW: You're not. Now sit.
SPIKE: Look at you. I'm surprised the world hasn't ended ten times over with this sorry lot protecting it.
XANDER: (to Spike/hard) That's enough-
BUFFY: What happened?
GILES: It's my fault. I should have known-
BUFFY: Giles-
GILES: The Word of Valios was the name of a talisman. Not a book. I blame myself entirely. I had it here-
XANDER: You had it here? Okay. First I thought you were being too hard.on yourself, but-
GILES: It was in a lot I purchased at a sorcerer's estate sale. I really only glanced at it once, thought it was a knock off.
BUFFY: Well they have it. And they probably have their sacrifices by now, too.
GILES: They must be on their way to perform the sacrifice-
BUFFY: On their way where? You found out what the ritual is for?
GILES: (nods) The Hellmouth. It opens the Hellmouth... The one in the library.
BUFFY: Looks like we're going back to high school.
BUFFY: Be careful in there - it doesn't look like the place is too stable.
SPIKE: (petulantly) Fine by me. I hope we all go under.
BUFFY: (irked) Why is he here? It's not like he can fight.
WILLOW: If we leave him alone he'll stake himself-
BUFFY: And that's bad because - ? (stops herself) Whatever. We don't have time for this. Just keep him out of the way. And when we get inside, watch for victims they're keening alive for the sacrifice. Getting them out is our first priority.
WILLOW: Will do.
BUFFY: Good. You ready?
XANDER: Let's rock n' roll.
SPIKE: Let's rock n' roll? You actually talk like that?
XANDER: (Quietly) Sunnydale high. If these walls - were still walls - what stories they could tell...
XANDER: Ewwwww.
XANDER: Mayor meat. Extra crispy.
WILLOW: I think we're near the-
WILLOW: -library. Wow. Check out the new floor plan.
BUFFY: (re: monsters/sotto) I'll deal with them. You get the spell stuff away.
WILLOW: I don't see any sacrifice people.
BUFFY: They have to be around here somewhere - the ritual's not finished.
BUFFY: And you can't raise hell if you can't do the spell, right guys?
XANDER: You picked the wrong guy, dude. I had lots of practice at this with my lunch money.
WILLOW: Spike!
SPIKE: Right. Perfect.
XANDER: (baffled) Okay. Guess I won.
XANDER: The demons! They are the sacrifice!
SPIKE: No pain...
SPIKE: I can hurt a demon...
SPIKE: Yeah! That's right! I'm back and I'm a bloody animal! Yeah!!
XANDER: Noooo!
WILLOW: Spike! Not in the-
SPIKE: (innocent) What? I was helping.
BUFFY: Get out of here. The building's going to come down!
BUFFY: Don't let him jump in the Hellmouth! If he does, we're finished!
BUFFY: I'm going in.
RILEY: You're coming back out.
RILEY: Buffy. Are you-
RILEY: Well, hey! Willow. Xander, right? What are the chances, huh? I was just passing by - and I thought I heard people inside-
WILLOW: (dubious) You were just passing by... in your GI Joe outfit?
BUFFY: No offense - but you are looking wicked conspicuous.
RILEY: I am? But it's... paint ball and then the aftershock and I-
XANDER: So you're one of the commando guys, huh?
RILEY: No, no, no. Commando, I mean- (evading/to Spike) Do I know you?
SPIKE: Me? No. No sir. I'm just - an old pal of Xander's, here.
RILEY: Oh - I - Oh. That's nice.
SPIKE: Yeah.
XANDER: Good world saving back there, Will. The keep away thing was key.
WILLOW: You too. If you hadn't figured out that "demons are the sacrifice" thing - we'd all be hell babies by now.
XANDER: What can I say? We kicked the apocalypse's ass.
WILLOW: Again.
XANDER: Weird being back, wasn't it?
WILLOW: Yeah. Everything looked so much smaller. And more charred and ruin-y.
RILEY: So - what are you guys all doing here, anyway?
BUFFY: We used to go here.
RILEY: Come in.
BUFFY: Hey. You never called, I didn't know if you...
RILEY: Oh, hey, sorry, I'm just. I'm a dead man. Secret. Highly. Or, it's supposed to be. Then you find out, I can deal. You're special. But last night with your friends was a disaster. I mean, could I have been less convincing? I was trained to be sneaky and stuff and I'm like - hi, paint ball, just passing by... I should have just given them my security code and rank-
BUFFY: You have a security code and rank?
RILEY: No. Did I say - ? I... Oh, God... This is so not good. Everybody knows about me. I'm finished. It's the end of the world.
BUFFY: (calmly) No. It's not.
SPIKE: What's this? Just sitting about watching the telly when there's evil afoot? Not very Industrious of you. I say we get out there and kick a little demon ass! (off their silence) Can't go without your Buffy, is that it? Too chicken? Let's find her, then. She is the chosen one after all. (more frustrated) Come on! Vampires, grrrrrrr - nasty! Let's annihilate em! For justice! And... and for the safety of puppies... and Christmas, right? Let's fight that evil! Let's kill something! Oh, come on...