The quake just knocked a couple of pipes loose. There's a wrench hanging up over there by the work bench. Try tightening the valve nut.
No, you look like a big mooch who doesn't lift a finger around here. But I have to get to work.
Mock not. Remember who pays for the plasma around here, pal.
You earn your keep or you don't get kept. (slapping the tool into Spike's hand) When you're done fixing the leak, try cleaning up this mess.
And doing a little laundry for once wouldn't kill you. Unfortunately.
Mmm. Too bad you don't eat, Spike. Dropped a sausage and mushroom, and the guy wouldn't take it--
Spike! Place is worse than when left. Didn't even fix the drip.
Spike? What is it? What's happened?
(horrified) Oh my god.
Look at you. You have knees! Very white knees!
You know I'm not any happier about you wearing my stuff than you are.
Hey. I'm known as a very sharp dresser.
No. You're not a guest. You're a vampire and you have no soul and don't get exactly why we're not making you into Spike-on-a-stick.
That's my mom's!
That's it! I am way past through with you. Hate to break it to you, Oh, Impotent One, but you're not the "Big Bad" anymore. You're not even the "Kinda Naughty." You're nothing but a waste of space. My space. And as much as I always got a big laugh watching Buffy kick your shiny, white bum, and as much as I know I could give you a little bum-kicking myself now, I'm here to tell you... (gets in Spike's face) You're not even worth it. (heads up the stairs) I'm outta here. Anybody looking for me, I'll be at Anya's.
Dumb jock... if it wasn't for you he still would be.
Yeah, that's bad too.
It's kinda the CBS logo. Could this be the handiwork of one Mr. Morley Safer?
It is losing its impact a little.
Hmm. Feeling the impact again.
I second that revulsion.
Well, demons got some hilarious ideas about fun...
A sacrifice of three. Three people are going to die?
We'll go by my place on the way. Get some weapons. And I can change into something less anchovy scented.
You were trying to stake yourself!
Is too. For one thing - that's my shirt you're about to dust. And for another - we've shared a lot here. You should have trusted me enough to do it for you.
What? He wants to die. I want to help.
Hey-
(to Spike) Fine. But you break anything else while we're gone and you'll be sleeping in the garage, Buster.
(to Spike) Look at the happy. If we don't find what we're looking for - we're facing an apocalypse.
Not even a syllable of Valios.
Here it goes. (to Will/mocking her) "We can't just leave him here to stake himself. It's not right."
That is so not true. We're part of the team. She needs us.
(to Spike/hard) That's enough-
You had it here? Okay. First I thought you were being too hard.on yourself, but-
Let's rock n' roll.
(Quietly) Sunnydale high. If these walls - were still walls - what stories they could tell...
Ewwwww.
Mayor meat. Extra crispy.
You picked the wrong guy, dude. I had lots of practice at this with my lunch money.
(baffled) Okay. Guess I won.
The demons! They are the sacrifice!
Noooo!
So you're one of the commando guys, huh?
Good world saving back there, Will. The keep away thing was key.
What can I say? We kicked the apocalypse's ass.
Weird being back, wasn't it?