Yeah. It's so... so...
(Impressed) Boy. I was just gonna go with 'big' and 'wet.'
Funny. That's just how I feel most of the time. So, Cameron Walker...
You've just won the state semi- finals, what are you gonna do now?
Uh, whoa. Pause button. Cam--
Classy tat. I take it they ran out of Tweety-Bird.
Let's find you a towel.
Isn't it fun to hang out with me?
(her brain dribbling out) No. No, I haven't, Cam.
(that's it) Listen, Cam, thanks again. I'd forgotten how nice it is to just talk... or, in my case, listen, without any romantic pressure.
Oh, I'm comfy. I'm practically nodding off! That's how comfy I --
What?
What I'm thinking about is how much I'd better get out of here.
Oh, I'm not worried about me.
I wasn't the attacker. I was the attacked.
(livid) Lead you on?! When did I lead  you on?!
What happened to Dodd?
So now they're treating me like I'm the baddie. Just because he has a sprained wrist and a bloody nose... (realizing it doesn't look good) and I don't have a scratch... Which, granted, on the surface hurts my case a little, but, meanwhile, Cameron gets away with it because he's on the "aren't we the most" swim team, who, by the way, if no one's noticed, have been acting like real jerks lately...
(cautiously) And what's new with you guys?
Vampires?
(to Giles) So, something just split him open  and ate out his insides?
Doesn't make sense.
Any demons with high cholesterol? (off Giles' look) Later on, you're gonna think about that and you're gonna laugh.
First and second, actually. And if my theory's correct, that means Gage Petronzi, the third best swimmer, may be the next item on the menu.
And raise the possibility that someone brought forth this sea  demon from whence it came to  carry out that revenge. (hearing herself) "From whence it came?" I'm spending way too much time around you.
Willow?
(considering) And he did say he can take care of those guys himself. Good call, Will. You should question him.
I'm on it.
(off-guard) Oh, I um... Okay. It's a little embarrassing, but, um... (blurting out) I'm a swim groupie.
Yep. There's just something about the smell of chlorine on a guy.  Hmm, baby--
Okay, my sex appeal seems to be on the fritz today, so I'll straight shoot for a while. There's some... thing lurking around making filets out of the populace and i think you might be next.
It's already attacked... it's already killed some people.
No. That was something else.
Unfortunately, there are a lot of something elses in this town.
Well... g'night.
He usually does.
I think there was something in Gage's blood Angel didn't like. As, for example, steroids.
(to Cordy) Any luck researching our fish monster?
You're not under much.
You can die happy. (to Willow) So, Will, what about Jonathon?  He involved?
Oh. OH.
Where's Gage?
Get behind me. Now! Do it!
Gage?
I'm definitely feeling the burn.
But the bad news is that they're  monsters.
(indicating screen) There.
It's all here in their school medical records.
And Nurse Greenliegh treated each and every one of them. She must have known.
The need to win. Winning equals trophies equals prestige for the school. You see how they're treated. It's been like that forever.
Meanwhile, I'm breaking my nails battling the forces of evil and my French teacher can't even remember my name.
She's probably gone home. It can wait. Xander, try to find out what these boys are taking, or at least how they're taking it. Pills, powder, syringes --
Giles is loading up the tranquilizer gun. We're going fishing.
Let's not break out the tartar sauce yet. It's not like you were exposed more than once.
(hopefully) Twice?
We need to find the rest of the swim team and lock them up before they get in touch with their inner halibut.
You're really liking this whole interrogation routine, aren't you?
Then I'm gonna visit the coach. Somehow I just don't believe that all he's been giving them is inspiration.
Right now I'm imagining you in jail. (as to a child) You're wearing a big, orange suit and -- oh look! The guards are beating you!
Tell me what you put in the steam.
And you did. Sort of. Why?
Do you understand that I don't care? It's over. There's not gonna be any swim team this year.
No, I was in the line for 'shred of sanity.'
Which you obviously skipped.
(looking around) So you're gonna feed me to them?
(quiet, worried) This is just what my rep needs. That I did it with the entire swim team.
Thanks.
Coach! Give me your hand --
(grim disgust) Those boys really love their coach.
The fun never stops with you, does it?
I don't think so. I don't think we'll see them anymore.
Home.