Yeah, well, I'm not much the  "being sent for" type. I'm more  of a "I did my part, so get this  chip outta my head" kinda guy.
Slightly stiffer than usual. It's  subtle, but I like it. What's with him?
So it's chips all 'round, is it?  Someone must've bought the party-pak.
She's separated from her friends.  They want nothing to do  with her. She's all alone.
Right. The Initiative. But getting  her there, that's what the bleeding  disks are for, in'it? The little witch  gives her the info and - pop - Alice  heads back down the rabbit hole.
Willow. 'Bout so high, perky,  good with the math? Natural choice.
Right.
Damn right I did. Should'a seen  'em. They won't be talking to  each other for a long, long -
Hang on. I think I might have  detected a small flaw -
Hey, you're s'posed to be so smart,  and you let <u>me</u> plan this thing? Okay,  let's not quibble about who failed who,  the important thing is making sure  the slayer is where we want -
Gone.
So, we'll do the chip thing when I get back?
Easy, Sheriff. Watch where  you point that thing.
Looking for a little weekend  getaway place. Shove off.
What? Cripes, that's all I need -  running into that goon. I ducked  in here last night. Soldier boys  were out in force. Lots of activity.
Look at little Nancy Drew… What  about those disks I nabbed? They  oughta tell you something.
Well, I'd get on that. Can't ignore  valuable information just 'cause you  two birds fell out, can you?
'Course, you do what you want.  No worry of mine, now is it?
Good on you. Got a chunk of  prognosticating demon in there, eh?
Now - if you'll just get this chip outta  my cranium, I'll be out of your way. (re: his hair) And mind the hairline. Don't fancy  fussing with a comb-over once I  resume my killing ways.
Come on now. We had a deal.
Bait's been taken, trap's all set - the Slayer has landed. So. One chipperectomy, please
Hello? Paging Dr. Owe-Me-One...?
That's one way of looking at it.
Oh, come on! It's not like I wasn't trying! That's worth something, right?
(catching his breath) Whew. Nasty sort of fellow.  Lucky for you blighters I was here, eh?
Well, yeah. (then) Did it work?
Well then everything is all right  and we all get to be not staked  through the heart. Good work, team.
Well let's go save them, by gum!