I'm not going. There's never anything good. (then) Maybe I <u>should</u> join the army.
Oh yeah. Never mind.
Anya - (stops himself) Forget it.
Anya, you can't pfff that stuff away.
(with difficulty) I don't know, 'cause I think maybe they're right.
Yeah. Yeah it doesn't matter.
Oddly, Anya opted not to join  us despite all the fun we had  at our last meeting.
(embarrassed) That's not… exactly what he said.
I'm moving.
He's all dressed up with no one to  bite? He's got to get his yaya's somehow.
(forced shock) Spike is working for Adam?! After all we've done for - (giving up) No good. I can't even act surprised.
Decrypted themselves?  Kinda defeats the purpose, yah?
Demons versus soldiers… Massacre massacre…
Does anybody else miss the Mayor?  "I just want to be a big snake."
(raises his hand) Okay, I'm confused again. Adam has this  evil plan, why's he so anxious for you to  know about it?
He's not worried you might kill, oh, say, <u>him</u>?
Great. So we just ask him to lie down  quietly while we do some exploratory surgery.
(to Buffy) See what you get for taking Spanish  instead of Sumerian?
So - no problem. All we need is  a combo Buffy with slayer strength,  Giles' multi-lingual know-how and  Willow's witchy power.
Yeah, don't tell me, I'm just full of  helpful suggestions.
No way. I'm full of that good old  Kamikaze spirit.
Oh god. We're gonna die, aren't we?
(calling up) Giles, hurry up! You definitely want  to get down here for this.
Great plan. Right up there with "duck and cover".
Uh, checking the monitors, I'd say world  war three just broke out. A quiet little  corner won't be easy.
Anybody else getting that warm,  sitting duck feeling?
What?! Are you telling me  a top secret government operation  has rooms they're not telling us  about? If we survive, I'm writing  my Congressman.
Demon open house.
And what are the odds of that?
Buffy, I still don't like you going in alone.
Animus… Heart…
You probably just saved us so  we wouldn't stake you right here!
You were great.