When I first realized we were  outgrowing the current Cultural Center, I was concerned. Then I realized it was like seeing one's child grow up, and move on to better things. In this case, a spacious new facility to be built on this site...
. . . it's appropriate that the ground-breaking for the U.C.  Sunnydale Cultural Partnership Center is taking place so soon before Thanksgiving. Because that's what the Melting Pot is about, contributions from all cultures making our culture stronger.
And thus... a symbolic beginning!
(into phone) . . . it's a very exciting opportunity. Can't wait to go down there myself. It just... well it means we have to start looking for a new location... it's really up to the dean. I just hope it doesn't cost us another year... Yeah... Okay, I'll talk to you soon.
<b>When I first realized we were outgrowing the current Cultural Center, I was concerned. Then I realized it was like seeing one's  child grow up, and move on to better things. In this case, a spacious new facility to be built on this site</b>... Give your dream room to grow and it will fill the largest palace. And of course, it isn't just space that makes a collection of this kind valuable, it's accessibility. I want this to be a place that students visit on their own, because they want to. Because what they've seen here has connected them with other peoples and other times and given them a basis for understanding something in their own lives. This collection isn't about dusty relics from some past, irrelevant lives. It's about a direct line to the past, a lifeline, if you will. That's why... <b>it's appropriate that the ground- breaking for the U.C. Sunnydale Cultural Partnership Center is taking place so soon before Thanksgiving. Because that's what the Melting Pot is about, contributions from all cultures making our culture stronger.</b> Some of you will see artifacts that may have been handled by your own ancestors. All of you will recognize in our displays a common thread of humanity, whether it is in the tools that speak of our relationship with the land, or in the clothing and art that speak of our need to improve and to express. But of course, history is not just about the past. I like to think that our breaking ground here today is also part of history. It is the start of something that doesn't just look backwards, but also forward into your lives and lives of future generations. <b>And thus... a symbolic beginning!</b>