I think she means...
I miss the free hot dogs on sticks.
What a load of horse hooey!
Thanksgiving isn't about blending cultures, it's about one culture wiping out another. Then they make animated specials about the parts with the maize and the big big belt buckles. They don't show you the next scene where all the bison die and Squanto takes a  musket ball in the stomach.
Well, sort of. That's why she  doesn't do Thanksgiving, or Columbus Day. You know, destruction of the indigenous peoples. Which sounds, I know, a little overwrought, but really she's right.
This part's just ceremonial.
Very... diggy.
While they were pulling Xander out, I heard some of the Anthro profs talking about it -- man, were they excited. It's the old Sunnydale Mission, which everyone thought was lost.
Is there something out there?
Huge earthquake in 1812. Everyone assumed the Mission was leveled but instead they just build over  it. It's like what happened in the thirties with that church the Master was in. Doesn't it make you wonder what else is there, right under our feet?
Oh, right.
Whoa. It's crazy out there.
And the holiday -- everyone's  going home. Looks like lots of lucky Moms are gonna be getting nice brimming bags of dirty laundry.
It's a turvy-topsy world.
Buffy, earlier you agreed with me about Thanksgiving. It's a sham! It's all about death!
You're not going to jokey-rhyme your way out of this one.
(softening) Well, I suppose there could be slight yams. I mean, we definitely could use a little comfort food.
(excited) We could not invite Anya!
Grumble grumble.
The coroner's office said she was missing an ear. So, I'm thinking maybe we're looking for a witch. There are some great spells that work much better with an ear in the mix.
Or... or maybe an ear-harvesting demon. Like, it's building some kind of other demon completely out of ears...
Ooh. Thought. We're assuming that someone else cut off the ear. What if it was self inflicted, like Van Gogh?
(don't be ridiculous) No. She cut off her ear, then she killed herself, then she dumped the... I'm really off my game, aren't I?
What's it look like?
But you have whipped cream. I saw it in Giles' fridge.
Yay. And then we can churn our own butter and make sweaters out of sheep!
Hi. You know, I think I'll just let you two... Hey, look, they're selling coffee in the... coffee shop. Yum.
Ang--
(muffled by his hand) Evil. You're all evil again.
What's going on?
So tell her. Help her.
See, I don't get that. All this "leaving for her own good" garbage. Because that's what it is. You can't just give up on something because there's obstacles. What kind of--
Sorry. My stuff.
Sorry. Yeah. I know.
So I've heard. Hey, is Cordelia really working for you? That's gotta be... a special experience. Of all the people you could've hired--
Right. How can I help?
Hey.
(indicating with her head) Peas.
Atrocities! I got the full poop on the Chumash Indians and our fabulous buried Mission.
Atrocities?
I didn't have time. I was busy reading about the Chumash war.
Oh, they were peaceful, all right. They were fluffy indigenous kittens! 'Til we came along.
They won't be mushy.
How about imprisonment? Forced labor? Herded like animals into a mission full of bad European diseases?
Not even a diorama. And it gets better. The few Chumash who tried to rebel were hanged, AND, when a group was accused of stealing cattle, they were killed, men women and children, and for proof to bring back to their accusers...
You sure we shouldn't be helping him?
Well, okay, no, but we should be helping him redress his wrongs. Bringing the atrocities to light!
Giving his land back!
Oh. You mean (mouths it:) Angel. (speaks) I saw him too.
I think he's lost his edge.
No no! Not a peep.
And I happen to think mine is the  level head and yours is the one that things would roll off of.
Xander!
Are you okay?
Yeah. (re: book) This has a better account of everything. Lists the various...
Well, the important thing is not to panic.
Well, they did suffer from malaria, some smallpox.
Plus, you know, a little (hiding the word) Syphilis, basically standard sort of --
But this is probably mystical, and it'll all go away as soon as --
Maybe I can find something.
There might be a wiccan spell that could cure it, something regular medicine doesn't know about. I  think there was a potion... (pulls a book closer) Sage, salt, onion...
He's just doing what was done to him.
Like you've never woken up cranky.
There's two sides to it.
It's not that simple.
Anyway, he's a spirit, not a demon.
Again with the killing!
I don't think anyone "appreciates" the truth of this situation...
You said you were gonna kill me and then kill Buffy.
It's true. He had trouble performing.
I'm not helping you kill him! I'm not on board.
This isn't a Western, Buffy! We're not at Fort... Giles, with the cavalry coming to save us! It's one lonely and oppressed warrior guy who's just trying to --
I didn't say he was right...
The preferred term is --
We don't want to fight anybody.
If we could talk to him --
(upset, confused) I'll go. I need the air.
I think he thought we were crazy.
We could stay, and stand watch, but I don't know--
Angel's here to protect Buffy.
She's not supposed to know he's  here. Angel, you have something new?
(to Angel) Still at Giles'. She just sent us out to check on Dean Guerrero.
We think he's going after someone in charge. A leader.
We've got to get back there!
(with each blow) Why. Won't. You. Die?
I feel lousy.
It was yummy, I just... did you see me? Two seconds of conflict with an indigenous person and I turn into General Custer.
And maybe we started a <u>new</u> tradition this year. (thinks about it) Maybe not. But anyway, we all worked together, that was like old times.