Aren't you too young to be a bartender?
I don't believe this is entirely on the up and up.
Looking at it.
I'm pregnant by my step-brother who'd rather be with my best friend and left me with no place to live and no food, except for a bottle of Wild Turkey, which I drank all up.
That was me, being tanked and friendless for ya.
Oz. Bronze. Date.
(to Xander) Parker.
Buffy that is my best friend, you need to think about not Parker. He's no good. There are other men -  better men - men wherein the mind is stronger than the penis.
I'm sorry to be coarse, but I feel strongly on the subject of stinky Parker man.
Not interested. You get troubles, tell 'em to the bartender.
(mimicking Oz) "I'm Oz, I'm in a band, too. And this is Willow." (mimicking Veruca) "How fun, a groupie!" (mad Willow) GROUPIE!
Whoah, what you have you done with Buffy?
You <u>didn't</u>! Not with Parker again.
(utter disgust) Five! Ow. Oh. (then deep concern) Oh, Buffy. Are you okay? Want to tell me about it?
And then group sex?
Drowning your troubles 'cause of Parker, the mind-frying man! He deserves a torturous and slow death by spider bites. (beat) Well, for today, we can shoot spit balls at the back of his neck in class.
But getting dressed would be fun, too.
Well, getting to know people is good.
Okay. I mean, I feel like you've shown me a perspective I hadn't really thought much about before.
(smiles) Me too. I mean, with you. You know, I'm wondering something. About you.
(maintains sweet tone) Just how gullible do you think I am? I mean, with your gentle eyes and your shy smile and your ability to talk openly with only me… (beat) You're unbelievable!
This isn't sharing. This isn't connecting. It's the pleasure principle! That's right, I've got your number, Id Boy. Only thing you're thinking about is how long before you can jump on my bones!
You men! It's all about the sex. Find a woman, drag her to your den. Do whatever's necessary. Just as long as you get the sex. (beat) I tell you, men have not changed since the dawn of time!
See!?!
(to Parker) This way!
Buffy…
Buffy's still in there…
Yes please.
Whose van is that?