You... shouldn't sneak up on people like that.
Jeez, Buff-
No, you go.
Mad? 'Cause you ran away and abandoned your post and your friends and your mother and made him lie awake every night worrying about you? (to the others) Maybe we should wait out here.
Check it out. The watcher is back on the clock. And just when you were thinking career change. Maybe becoming a "Looker" or a "Seer" -
So leave out the heartwarming stuff about kindly old people and saving the farm and get right to the dirt -
Fair enough. In fact - you can leave the slaying to us while you settle in - we got you covered.
Whatever. We've been kicking a little undead booty.
I would - but I'm tied up.
You have to admire the purity of it.
I hate brie.
And what would we talk about at a "gathering" anyway? "So Buffy - run into any nice pimps on your travels? And by the by, thanks for ruining our lives for the past three months..."
You know what I mean. She doesn't want to talk about it. We don't want to talk about it. Maybe we should shut up and dance.
Okay - so one vote from the old guy for smelly cheese night - and, how many votes for actual fun?
Hey, Buff. What you doing?
Some party, huh? Guess a lot of people are glad you're back.
He was library man last time I saw him. But he'll be here. He wants to celebrate your homecoming. We all do. I mean, it's great having the Buffster back. (to Cordy) Isn't it?
Was I now?
Well you did. You should have seen what it did to her.
Maybe you don't want to hear it, Buffy.  But taking off like that was selfish  and stupid-
Did you even try talking to anybody?
And you see how well that went. You can't just bury stuff, Buffy! It'll come right back up to get you...
Look - I'm sorry your honey was a demon, but most girls don't hop a Greyhound over boy trouble!
Let her finish! You owe her that at least!
Fine. You stop acting like an idiot -  I'll stop annoying you!
Got your back.
Man, this sucker wobbles but he won't fall down!
I got it - go help Buffy!
I kind of think we die.
Generally speaking? When the scary things get scared? Not good.
Nice moves.