Welcome home, Orlando. (embraces him) I swear by my sword, your sacrifice will not go unavenged.
Yes. I suppose it is.
(to Dante) Watch him. Make sure he's... comfortable.
The Key? You've seen it?!
(spitting it out) The monks. They've made it human.
Prepare to advance!
The Key!
You were warned we would return, Slayer.
General.
You do not frighten me, child.
The instrument of chaos will be destroyed --
(not backing down) As I was told. You protect the Key of the Beast.
Yes. The Key has been transformed.  Given breath. Life. (sadly, to Buffy) Yet this makes no difference. The  Key is the link. The link must be  severed. Such <u>is</u> the will of God.
(a beat) No.
The Key is too dangerous to be allowed  to exist -- no matter what form it has  been pressed into.
Dissension in the ranks. Seldom the harbinger of glad tidings.
Poor, frightened girl. You've no idea what you've gotten yourself into.
Would it make a difference?
From a dimension of unspeakable torment.
Along with the Beast, they were a  triumvirate of suffering and despair,  ruling with equal vengeance. But the  power of the Beast grew beyond even  what they could conceive -- as did her  lust for pain and misery. They looked  upon her, what she had become... and trembled.
Such was her power. They feared  she would attempt to seize the dimension  for herself, and decided to strike first.  A great battle erupted. The very bowels  of Hell trembled as the war of the gods  spanned a thousand years. In the end,  they stood victorious over the Beast -  barely. She was cast out, banished  to this "lower" plane of existence, forced  to live and ultimately die trapped within  the body of a mortal, a newborn male,  created as her prison. Her own living Hell.
That was her punishment. To finish  an ageless existence buried deep inside  the flesh tomb of a normal average  human man. A man that would grow,  age, and eventually die, like all the  rest of us. That is the Beast's only weakness.
(nods) Unfortunately the identity of the  human vessel has never been discovered.
You have seen a glimpse of the true  Beast. Her power was too great to be  completely contained. She's found  a way to escape her mortal prison for  brief periods before her energies are  exhausted and she's forced back into  her living cell of meat and bone.
The Key is almost as old as the Beast  itself. Where it came from, how it  was created -- the deepest of mysteries.  All that is certain is that its power is absolute. Countless generations of my people  have sacrificed their lives in search  of it, to destroy it before its wrath  could be unleashed.
(bitterly) Yes. And hid it with their magicks.
Because they were fools! They thought  they could harness its power for the  forces of light. They failed -- and  paid with their blood.
You were created to open the gates  that separate dimensions. The Beast  will use your power to return home  and seize control of the Hell she  was banished from.
You misunderstand. When the Key is  activated, it won't just open a gate  to the Beast's dimension -- it's going  to open <u>all</u> the gates. The walls  separating realities will crumble.  Dimensions will bleed into one another.  Order will be overthrown and the  universe will tumble into chaos.  All dark. Forever. (to Dawn) That is what you were created for.
(eyeing him carefully) You.
And would you die for them?
It's not just your life. Unimaginable  legions will perish, including everyone here. (soft, conspiratorial) You can stop this. You can save all  their lives... by ending one. The little  girl. The Key. Destroy it, and the  will of the Beast will be broken.  She will fade, a distant memory...  and this madness will end.
(genuinely terrified) The Beast.