Execution was adequate, but a bit too bloody for my taste.
I'm not saying your methods are without merit,  but you're expending far too much time and energy. (demonstrating) It should simply be ‘plunge' and move on; ‘plunge' and move on.
This isn't about me, it's about you.  It is about how there are traditions that a slayer needs to follow.
Ah, yes. Showing off. Yet another example of  how you're not going by the book.
The old ways have much to teach us.  If you insist on ignoring the fundamentals handed down  through history, you could find yourself in serious danger.
Good afternoon, ladies.
I'm under the impression there's some sort of ironic tone in that statement, but as an Englishman I'm incapable of discerning it.
In any case, that supernatural ability, which you should cherish and treasure, if I might add--
--is needed tonight.
Oh, no. You have much more urgent business to attend to.
My books tell of a major event occurring on the evening of the 1,000th day after the Septugian Sunset. That's tonight.
According to my calculations, we are due for a fresh rising of vampires. It is prophesied: (reading from his notebook) ‘On that day, seven souls will be captures into the darkness. And the Master will look upon one of them and be pleased.'
The slayer must be present tonight. Your responsibilities to the world are paramount.
You'll have to put those on hold. For tonight, we do battle!
Perhaps I miscalculated.
I was so sure. (then) Well, you know what they say.
Ninety percent of the vampire slaying game is waiting.
Oh, well. At least we were here at the ready, so it wasn't a completely wasted evening.
Come now. What you consider a curse, others would call a gift. Be thankful you're not burdened with trivial matters like what to wear to next month's hay dance.
I needn't warn you about the dangers of becoming personally involved with someone who is unaware of your unique condition.
If your identity as the slayer is revealed, it could put you and those around you in grave danger.
Tonight is absolutely the night.
The prophecy is happening. Look.
My theory was correct. Seven people were killed last night.
Those deaths were forecast more than three thousand years ago. And listen to this. (reading newspaper) ‘Also among the dead was Andrew Borba, whom police had been pursuing for months in connection with a series of brutal assaults.' (then) That's the one the Master is waiting for. He is set to rise with the others tonight. My calculations make me sure of it.
(hangs his head) I forgot about leap year.
Buffy, you have to believe me--
You must answer your calling.
So you're just going to go.
You're just going to ignore the fact that you've been chosen and have a destiny to fulfill.
All right, then. I don't need you. This is a subject on which I am well versed. I've spent night after night in that library reading book after book after book--
One of us has to take your obligation seriously, and if it's not going to be you, then I'll go do it alone.
Ha! What you fail to realize is that that's what I do best!
(confidently) You don't frighten me.
I've studied your kind for years. I'll just go by the book.
We're gonna need a bigger book.
I didn't want to have to do this,  but I'm afraid you gentlemen leave me with no alternative.
(clutching his bag, calling out) I've got another clove and I'm not afraid to use it!
Thank heavens you're here.
I'm being hunted down by a team of vampires.
That would be good.
How was your date?
Well, I suppose I don't have to say  that I was correct in my prediction.
No, no. I won't bask in the glory and rub your nose  in the fact that old Giles was right and that young,  inexperienced Buffy was one-hundred percent wrong.
It would only further heighten the  current embarrassment you must be--
I'm done.
What else could I do? You were off acting  like an irresponsible teenager.
How long are you going to fall back on that  hollow justification for your juvenile activities.
On the contrary, it's just about to begin.
Our previous two ‘guests' were, as you noticed,  only two. If you'll recall, the announcement about  tonight's event specifically stated there would be  seven in the attendance. Too, the invited ones will  be dressed in, shall we say, their ‘funeral best.'
Exactly. And we mustn't forget about  the ‘guest of honor' who will be rising-- (off Chambers) --coming to the party with evening.
I have no idea. They were scheduled to be here by now.
Here. Hold this garlic.
Drat. I always get those confused.
That should work.
She knows what she's doing.
Evil does not like to wait.
Buffy, I know this may be a small consolation,  but you have done a great service to humankind.  You prevented the chosen one from freeing the Master.
I gave up long ago trying to answer such questions.
You can beat him, Buffy. Just remember  your training. Don't try anything fancy.  Stick with the fundamentals.
(to Xander) Let's give her a minute.
The book! It'll know what to do.
(leafing through books) Looking, looking.
I am.
Right!
Well, it's a good thing I planned ahead. Otherwise,  you'd be merely the latest in a long line of slayers whose lives were cut short by carelessness and overconfidence.
I'm sure you're aware that your over-flamboyant  moves nearly cost us our lies. Had you stuck to the fundamentals--
Yes. That's what I'm supposed to think about.
Must you always be so dramatic?
You have duties as a slayer--
Buffy, you can not ignore who you are.
He cares for you very much.
I'm afraid you're probably right.
No one should.
You know, there's no reason we absolutely  have to train tonight. According to my calculations, no uprisings are planned for at least another twenty-three days.
Let me get back to you.
I thought you had no use for the old ways.
You had them covered pretty well last night.  That over-the-shoulder stake toss was right on target.
I beg to differ. I didn't do a thing. It was you who  kept us from becoming -- how do you kids say it -- dog meat.
Buffy, please. You're the one who drove a stake through  the heart of that ancient prophecy. You fulfilled your  duties as a slayer to perfection. We can count this as  another defeat for the Master.