No. Buffy's right. The Deputy Mayor's murder was the result of human malice. There's nothing supernatural about it.
Which I'm sure the police are doing. However, if you ask me, there are far better uses of the slayers time-
(fuming) Well, considering the success of your last venture you might do well to-
What did you need?
Happily.
(returning) She's a student.
Here you go.
Buffy-
I don't want to hear it, Buffy. You've been lying again. To me, to everybody.
Buffy. Go to my office. (almost as sternly) Faith, I'll speak to you in the morning.
Now.
Faith. I know. (off Buffy's surprise) She has many talents, Buffy. Fortunately, lying isn't one of them.
I'm sorry. I needed to see how far she'd take the charade.
You should have come to me right off.
But Faith wouldn't hear of it.
Buffy, this is not the first time something like this has happened.
A slayer is on the front lines of a nightly war, Buffy. It's tragic - but accidents have happened.
The council investigates, meters out punishment if punishment is due... I've no plan to involve them, however. That's the last thing Faith needs right now. She's unstable, Buffy. She seems utterly unable to accept responsibility. Shows no remorse.
There is no help for her unless she can admit what happened.
Perhaps...
We should meet. They may be seeing a different side of her.
But nobody else is to hear, understood?
No - Faith's too defensive to be confronted in that manner. I think the "one on one" approach is more likely to reach her-
I don't see it, Xander. Of all of us, you're arguably the person Faith has had the least contact with.
Ohh.
(uncomfortable) Fine then, moving on-
Buffy's right, Xander. In this instance, it would be best if you let Faith be. (then) However, if you want to be of assistance, I could use some research help. We have this business of the Mayor and Mr. Trick to attend to.
(to Willow) Willow - can you access the Mayor's records?
Good. It's clearly time we took a harder look at him. He's up to something.
I don't know. Give me a little time-
Which means that Faith will soon be on her way to England to face the Watcher's Council.
Most likely? They'll lock her up for a good long while.
Buffy. That's enough.
Faith saved you?
And the fact that she opted to come back to town with you bodes well.
She still has a lot to face before she can put this behind her. But yes, she has a real chance. Because you didn't give up on her.