In return for your silence, no doubt.
(to Joyce) You sure you don't want to join us?
Still feel a bit too wired.
All right, everyone, pay attention. In just a few moments that curtain will open on our very first production. Everyone Willow has ever met is in that audience, including all of us. That means we have to be perfect. Stay in character, remember your lines, and energy energy energy. Especially during the musical numbers.
Remember, acting isn't about behaving. It's about hiding. The audience wants to find you, they want to strip you naked and eat you alive so HIDE.
Stop that. Costumes. Sets. The things, you know, things, you touch them and hold them --
No…
Yes. It's all about subterfuge. (to Harmony) That's very annoying. (to the company) So get out there, lie like dogs and have a wonderful time. If we can stay focussed, keep our heads and if Willow can stop stepping on everybody's cues I know this will be the best production of Death of a Salesman we've ever done. (to Harmony) Stop it.
Nothing much at all, really.
I have to say, I really feel <b>Apocalypse Now</b> is over-rated.
I'm beginning to understand this now. It's all about the journey, isn't it?
Spike's like a son to me….
Very good…
Come on, put your back into it! A watcher scoffs at gravity!
Xander! What are you doing here?
It's because of what we did. I know that.
The others have all gone ahead. Now listen carefully. Your life may depend on what I am about to tell you. You need to get to --
(french dubbing over:) -- the house where we're all sleeping. All your friends are there having a wonderful time and getting on with their lives. The creature can't hurt you there.
(still dubbed) Oh for God's sake, this is no time for your idiotic games!
(dubly) That's what I've been trying to tell him.
It's even more serious than I thought.
You have to stop thinking. Let it wash over you.
This is the way women and men have behaved since the beginning, before time.
It appears she never heard the fable about patience.
(tries to think) You know, with the fox, and the… less patient fox.
Yes, go ahead.
Buffy, you have a sacred birthright to protect mankind. Don't stick out your elbow.
I haven't got any treats…
This is my business. Blood of the lamb and all that. (to Buffy) Now, you're gonna get that all over your face.
(shocked, whispers) I know you…
Don't push me about, you know, I have a great deal to do.
Sideshow freak?
What am I supposed to do with all of this?
(starting to walk) I still think Buffy should have killed you.
Honestly, you meet the most appalling sort of people…
I'm sorry I'm so late. There's a great deal going on, all at once.
She seems to be doing quite well.
We have to think about the facts, Willow. I'm very busy. Have a gig myself, you know.
That used to be us.
(sings) It's strange. It's not like anything we've faced before, yet it seems familiar somehow. Of course! The spell we cast with Buffy must have released some primal evil, that's come back seeking… I'm not sure what. Willow, look through the Chronicles. Some reference to a warrior beast… Xander, help Willow and try not to bleed on my couch. We've got to warn Buffy. I tried her this morning but I only got her machine. Oh, wait…
Well, that was obvious.
(quietly terrified) I know who you are. And I can defeat you. With my intellect. Cripple you with my thoughts.
Of course you underestimate me. You couldn't know…
You never had a Watcher…
Somehow, our joining with Buffy and invoking the essence of the Slayer's power was an affront to the source of that power.
I did! I said there could be dire consequences!
You all right?
You do seem a bit…