It's like clown cars in the circus.
Full copper re-pipe? That sounds potentially pricey.
Uh, Buffy, I know you're still getting back on your feet after ...
Yeah. But there's Some money stuff we have to talk to you about.
Not yet, but ...
I know, this comes as a bit of a shock after ... a bit of a shock, but it caught us by surprise, too.
They pretty much sucked up all the money.
(indicating Dawn) Buffy ...
You're throwing away a gold mine.
I mean, okay, even if the bank <u>was</u> robbed -- which you battling demons couldn't possibly know -- you'd think there'd be some kind of reward.
(happily) Hey. Buffy, you're mad.
No! I mean, anger is a big, powerful emotion you <i>should</i> feel.
Okay - let me make you mad again. Ready? Um, um ... (bingo) Last semester? I slept with Riley.
Caught me. Big fib. (inspired) ... To cover up my sleazy affair with Angel.
Pissing you off.
'Cause, you know, since you got back, you haven't exactly been ... big with the whole range of human emotions thing.
Well, you haven't really... no, I mean it's just, um ... You know this is really my problem. I'm all over the place and, forget I even said anything cause, cause, 'cause you know... <i>Banks</i>, man.
This one robs banks.
Hey Giles.
Isn't it awesome?
(suddenly excited) Okay. First of all - so scary. Like, the Blair Witch would have had to watch like this. (covers eyes) And this giant snake came out my mouth and then there was all this energy crackling and then this pack of demons interrupted but I totally kept it together and the next thing you know ... Buffy.
What? Giles ...
I thought you'd be ... (swallows) ...impressed, or something.
Are you saying you don't trust me?
I brought her back!
Risk? Of what? Making her deader?
No! Giles, I did what I had to do. I did what nobody else could do.
Okay, probably not - but they're bad guys. I am not a bad guy. I brought Buffy back to the world and maybe the word you should be looking for is "congratulations."
That's not what I did, Giles!
I wasn't lucky, I was amazing. How would you know anyway? You weren't even there.
You're right. The Magicks I used are incredibly powerful. <i>I'm</i> incredibly powerful. (beat) And maybe it's not such a good idea for you to piss me off.
Maybe I could do a locator spell ...
Let's take these out to the trash and give 'em a decent throwing out.