(shows headlines) Seems there were a number of other attacks by a 'wild dog' around town. Several animal carcasses were found  mutilated.
Fortunately, no people were injured.
For now. But my guess is this werewolf will be back at next month's full moon.
Pardon?
Meaning the accepted legend that  werewolves only prowl during the full moon might be erroneous.
I must admit, I'm intrigued. A werewolf?  It's one of the classics… I'm sure my  books and I are in for a fascinating afternoon.
… and while there is no scientific  explanation for lunar effect on the  human psyche, the phases of the moon do exert a great deal of psychological  influence. And a full moon tends to  bring out our darkest qualities.
(chuckling to himself) Moon pie…
Quite. It acts on pure instinct, without conscience, predatory and aggressive-
Let's not jump to conclusions-
The point is, our wolf-man could also be a wolf-woman. Or anyone who's  been bitten by a werewolf.
No. No bullets. No matter who this  werewolf is, it's still a human being.  Who might be completely unaware  of his, or her, condition.
Anything yet?
The same. I thought we might knock  on a few windows, ask if anyone has  seen anything.
Yes. Of course not.
Hey!
Who are you? What are you doing?
Are you all right?
Excuse me?
You'd be wise to take that back.
I assure you, she's more than capable.
(incredulous) You're hunting werewolves for sport.
Where are we going?
(to Buffy) Looks like your hunch was right.
Mr. Cain, this girl put her life at risk to capture a beast which you haven't  even been able to find.
Let's move out.
Blaerg!
(groggy) No, no. I'm okay. I was just… I'm okay. (then) Any sign of the werewolf?
It's starting to get light. I suppose we should be heading-
Buffy, we're going to get this thing.  We've got another whole night.
The werewolf. It was out last night.
Well, we still have one more night.
Good. Go. In the meantime, let's cover our bases. Willow, check the student  files. See if anyone else fits the profile.
If none of that works, I think I've struck  upon a way to finally lay this problem  to rest.
She's a vampire?
Buffy, I'm sorry-
All set. Let's go find this thing.
Are you certain?
Let's go.
I loaded this with enough phenobarbital to put down a small elephant. It should  be enough for a large werewolf.
Damn…
You saved us.
He'll be a little sore in the morning, but he'll be Oz.