And jump. And bend. And,  occasionally, frolic.
Congratulations. You've found me out -  I'm a mod jogger.
Buffy-
What sort of demon?
Translate?
Thank you. Anything else?
You took her patrolling with you?
Right. Best to discourage her of  that habit.  (then) From what you describe, I'm not familiar  with this creature. I'll look into it and  give you a ring as soon as I have something.
Yes. I take my tea here sometimes.
I've quite a big day, actually. A friend  of mine recently acquired an original  Guttenberg demonography and it  suddenly occurs to me that you've  never once asked me what my day's  plans were, which leads me to inquire  if you're feeling entirely yourself?
Which I appreciate. But it still doesn't  answer why you're hanging about  instead of rushing off as usual.
Ahh. I see.
Buffy. Living with someone isn't easy,  especially for an only child-
Which is fussy, I agree. But everyone  has their idiosyncrasies - and you'd do  well to learn to tolerate them.
Something like that.
(gently interrupting) Perhaps it would be more... productive  to examine your dreams, try to determine  their meaning-
Nice to meet you, Kathy
You know what this means?
Buffy. Focus. Please. (then) If you and Kathy are having the same  nightmares, chances are good something  happened to you two the night you  encountered that demon in the woods.
I concur that Buffy doesn't seem herself.  But learning to live with someone can be  a challenge.
Right then. Nothing to be concerned  about. Still, do let me know if she...
We're only doing this to stop you from  making a terrible mistake, Buffy.  Clearly something's amiss-
I fear this demon Buffy met in the woods  may have possessed her somehow.
You stay and watch her. I know a spell  which will make the possessing demon  reveal itself so we can fight it - but I  need supplies from the majik shop. (as he goes) Buffy, I... see you around.
Toenails!
Unequivocally. So I- (noticing something) Where is Buffy?
That's what I believe. Yes.
Now. I found a spell that should reverse  the should transfer procedure instantly -  which Willow and I will perform immediately.
Hear me, elders of the upper reaches. Elders of the lower reaches. Elders of the dry land. Elders of the river flats!
Ancients I beseech you! The soul  abstracted - let it revert to its true seat -
...let the unnatural vessel be emptied.  Let the essence be return to its original host!