I know - this song is super fun, isn't it?
Going out?
It's late. Won't you be up all night?
I guess I didn't realize you'd be  coming and going at all hours. (quickly) Not that I mind. I'm just surprised.
Oh. Say, Buffy?
Just log every call you make in here.  That way when the bill comes there  won't be a problem. I figure - a  stitch in time...
(stops her again) Also? I noticed that some of my milk  was missing. Did you...
(quickly) No. It's totally okay. I was just  wondering.
Buffy, it's fine. I just wanted to  make sure-
I don't know. It's not a big deal.  Please, feel free.
(overly chipper) Great! Have a good time.
Hey, I caught you...
Everything's super. I just decided a  decaf latte sounded like heaven after all.
Why not? This way you don't have to  walk these spooky paths alone.
This is neat, isn't it? The fresh air,  the trees, the-
(puzzled) What were you thinking - taking  him on like that?
It's just, you could have gotten hurt  or something. And look at my sweater -  it's ruined.
(enthusiastically) Hi everybody. Squeeze in.
I didn't think you'd mind. I mean, you  got mine all muddy...
(sweetly) It's not a problem, is it? I mean, I figure  we're almost like sisters now - living  together and everything.
(singsong) Don't forget to log those calls...
It wasn't me. It had to be somebody, Buffy.
Fine.
Do you always make that noise when  you sleep?
(to Giles) You can read dreams? Neat.
Ditto. (then) Maybe you can read the dream I had  last night. There was like, this monster.  And he sat on me and did all this stuff  to me-
That's it. How did you know?
(ditto) Sounds like somebody woke up on the  wrong side of the bed this morning.
You know - I do have to dash. My whole  schedule is off because someone kept  me up all night. (then) Well it's been fun - toodles.
It's so totally true -
Parker was just going to leave his number  and go. But then we started talking and -  he is such a blast. The time just flew.
Quit it. I told you that was just between us.
Bye. See you.
I wasn't moving in on your territory,  if that's what you mean.
I'm cold.
You know what your problem is, Buffy?
Hardly. Your problem is - you're spoiled.  Maybe the world revolved around you  where you used to live but it's share  time now!
(sweetly insincere) Sweet dreams.
...I do what I can but Buffy's difficult.  She's secretive, for one thing. She comes  and goes at all hours of the night. She  leaves her <u>gum</u> all over the place-
I would, but she's so touchy. About all  kinds of weird stuff. I mean, sometimes  I get the feeling she's not quiet... normal.  You know?
Later - okay?
Sure. Where's Buffy?
(displeased) What do you mean? I should leave  the room? Why should I go?
(cutting her off) You bet it's not fair. Having to live  with someone who's obviously troubled.  Someone who so clearly needs to be  in a home, not a dorm-
I wouldn't put it past her to drop out  or take off or something. Do something  horrible to herself.
Or worse. She's capable of it, you know.  You can see it in those shifty little eyes  of hers. One of these days she might  even push somebody too far...
Buffy...
Absolutely. Let's "talk."
Look what I did.
Quit it!
I'm not. Those guys are after me-
So, I'm from the same dimension. But  I'm not like them. They're disgusting-
You know - why don't you just stuff it  and let me finish my ritual-
(duh) Your nightmares.
(exasperated) Look, I'm sorry, okay? I left my  dimension to go to college and they  sent these guys after me. They don't  know what shape I took as a human,  but they can always sense a creature  without a soul, which I don't have.  So I'm borrowing yours...
Tonight when they come looking for  me - they'll take you.
(fuming) And I won't have to live with a slob-
All you had to do was write- (slam) down! (slam) -your! (slam) --calls!!
Window's open. Happy?
How did you-
(demon-speak) Ga nu lach'var!
(demon-speak) Ga nu lach'var!
(subtitled) I'm not going back!
(demon-speak) Ga treps'mech kan! Epok or'ahah a- gol nu vach-non penul'mech?
(subtitled) I'm 3000 years old! When are you going to stop treating me like I'm 900??!
(demon-speak) A-gol nu be-v'nook kachla!
(demon-speak) A-gol nu be-v'nook kachla!
(subtitled) You never let me do anything!!