Oh, Buffy. Thank you.
I've been indexing the Watcher Diaries  covering the past two centuries. You'd  be amazed at how numbingly long-winded  some of these watchers were.
I trust last night's patrol was fruitful.
They were stealing?
The vampire who escaped - did you  see what he took?
I'm serious, Buffy.
So you made no effort to find out  what was taken?
Well it wasn't. It could be very serious.  If you'd made more of an effort to be  thorough in your observations-
That's not terrible funny. You'll  notice I don't laugh.
Must we be introspective now? Our  only concern at this moment should be to discover what was stolen from  that mausoleum last night.
Buffy. Please. Slow down.
You're behaving in a terrible  immature manner-
I was simply offering a little  constructive criticism-
What you have is more than a… gig.  It's a sacred duty.
Which shouldn't prevent you from  eventually procuring a more… mundane form of employment if you like. Such as I have.
May I?
It's a reliquary, used to house items  of religious significance. Most  commonly, a finger or some other  body part from a saint.
Du Lac… (with recognition and concern) Oh dear.
Josephus du Lac is buried here.
Hardly. He belonged to a sect of priests  who were excommunicated by the  Vatican at the turn of the century.
Remember the book that was stolen  from the library by a vampire a few  weeks back? It was written by du  Lac and his cohorts - (frustrated) Damn it. In all the excitement, I let  it slip my mind -
The book is said to contain rituals and  spells that reap unspeakable evil.  However, it was written in archaic  Latin - so nobody but the sect members  could read it.
I don't like it, Buffy. First the book  is taken from the library. Now vampires steal something from du Lac's tomb…
I don't know. But something's coming,  Buffy. And I guarantee, whatever it is - it's not good.
And yes. I'm sure.
du Lac was both a theologian and a  mathematician. This article describes an invention of his, which he called  the du Lac Cross.
The cross was more than a symbol.  It was also used to understand certain  mystical texts - to decipher hidden  meanings and so forth.
Actually, I guess I am.
I suppose he feared what might happen  if the cross fell into the wrong hands.
Unless we preempt their plans.
By learning what was in the book  before they do.
Which means we can expect to be  here late tonight.
This is a matter of some urgency, Buffy.
Perhaps you're right. There may be  fierce battles ahead.
I'm afraid he was not overreacting.  The ring is worn only by members of  the Order Of Taranta. They are a society  of demon assassins dating back to  King Solomon…
(ignoring him) Their credo is to sow discord and  kill the unwary.
(sharp) That's enough, Xander -
I'm sorry but this is no time for jokes.  I need to think.
I don't know. But I think the best thing  to do is to find a secure location.  Someplace out of the way where you  can go until we decide on the best course of action -
I - this is an extraordinary circumstance…
You might - They're… They're a breed  apart, Buffy. Unlike vampires - they  have no earthly desire except to collect  their bounty. To find their target and  eliminate it -
And you are the target. You can kill  as many of them as you like. It won't make any difference - because where  there is one, there will be another. And another. They won't stop coming  until the job is done.
(OVER) The worst of it is, they are masters of  deceit. Vampires are bound by the Night,  but these predators can be anywhere,  anytime. They can appear as normal as  the next person. Just another face in the  crowd. You might not ever know when  one of them is near - not until the  moment of your death.
We're doing all we can. The only course  of action is to decipher the contents of  the stolen book -
Maybe Buffy unplugged the phone…
Perhaps my words of caution were a  bit too alarming -
Xander? …No, I still haven't heard  from Buffy. I think you should go to  her house and check on her.
Right away. I don't know, get Cordelia  to drive you.
My goodness. Are you alright?
You're in the library, Willow. You  fell asleep.
Don't warn the tadpoles?
Please. You've gone quite beyond the  call of duty. And, fortunately, I think  I've finally found something -
(re: book) I had to go back to the Lutheran Index.  But I found a description of the missing  du Lac Manuscript. It's a ritual, Willow.  I haven't managed to decipher the exact  details - but I believe the purpose is to restore a weak and sickly vampire  to full health.
Exactly.
I would imagine Spike called them here  to get Buffy out of the way. I'm sure he  wants nothing to come between him  and his plans to revive his lady love.
I wish I could agree. But all we know  is the goal of the ritual. We don't know where it will take place  or when. We don't know what it entails -
No. No. We just have more work to do.