"Are you a people person or do you  prefer keeping your own company?" What if I'm a people person who  keeps his own company by default?
There is no box for "none of the above."  That would introduce too many variables  into their mushroom head, number-crunching  little world.
It's just - these people can't tell from  one multiple choice test what we're  supposed to do for the rest of our lives.  It's ridiculous.  WILLOW I'm kind of curious to find out what  sort of career I could have.
And suck all the spontaneity out of  being young and stupid? I'd rather  live in the dark.
I'll always be stupid. (beat) Okay, let's not all rush to disagree…
That's between you and your God.
Yep. High risk, sub-minimum wage…
(to Buffy) You know, with that kind of attitude  you could have had a bright future  as an employee of the DMV.
Wouldn't you two say you know me  about as well as anyone? Maybe even better than I know myself?
(point blank) When you look at me, do you think  prison guard?
They just put up the assignments for  the career fair. And according to my test results, I can look forward to being  gainfully employed in the growing field of corrections.
Laugh now, missy. They assigned you  to the booth for 'law enforcement professionals.'
As in polyester, donuts, and brutality.
I did. And you weren't.
On any of the lists.
Then I guess you must've passed.
Your name wasn't up there, Will.
What are you doing here? Fly! Be free  little bird - you defy category!
She left with Giles an hour ago. Some  kind of - "field trip" - deal.
(facetious) Principal Snyder! Great career fair, sir.  Really. In fact, I'm so inspired by your  leadership - I'm thinking principal  school. I want to walk in your shoes.  Not your actual shoes, of course.  Because you're a tiny person. Not  tiny in the small sense, of course… (then) Okay. Done now.
For what it's worth-
I'm glad you feel comfortable enough  to be so honest with me. And I only hope that I'm in a position one day to  be as honest with you.
I'd love to stay and chat, but I have  an appointment with the warden on standard riot procedure.
Why go to all the trouble of inventing  something and then give a weak name  like that? I'd have gone with  "Cross-o-matic!" or "The Amazing Mr. Cross!"
A fear we'll soon get to experience for  ourselves, up close and personal.
Will, you need a life in the worst way.
That's not true, Buffy. You totally  contribute. You go for snacks.
But - Ho Ho's are a vital part of  my cognitive process.
And didn't they beat the Elks last year  in the Sunnydale Adult Bowling League Championship?
Bowling is a vicious game -
(O.S.) She didn't go home.
I let the phone ring a few hundred  times before I remembered her mom's  out of town.
It's a statistical impossibility for a sixteen  year old girl to unplug a telephone.
(no duh) You think?
That's what a lot of the guys say.  But it's just locker room talk. I never  pay it any mind.
I like to think of you more as my witless  foil - but have it your way.
Come on, Cordy. You can't be a member  of the Scooby Gang if you aren't willing  to be inconvenienced now and then -
Buffy could be in trouble -
At least I'm the lameness that cares.  Which is more than you can say. (then) I'm going to check upstairs.