Just a second!
Hello.
I'm sorry. Coming from you, that phrase strikes me as funny. Sorry  to bother me.
And the funny keeps on coming.
All right.
I'm aware of that.
Come in.
Here? Back on Earth?
I don't feel particularly inclined to  argue with that.
Well, I haven't any easy answers; I've looked into the matter, but so far I haven't come across any being with the power to pull someone out  of Hell.
Knowing why you're back might give you some peace of mind?
And is that something you think  you ought to have?
To be blunt, the last time you became complacent about your existence, it turned out rather badly.
You tried, certainly, but --
What are you staring at?
See whom?
You had a dream about Angel.
I'm not sure how --
I know. I've seen him.
He wanted to know why he was back.
Possibly; I've been looking --
Yes.
Well, we start, not surprisingly, with research. (handing out books) Xander, the Black Chronicles. Buffy, the Diary of Lucious Temple. An acolyte of Acathla, expert on demons. You can skip the passages about his garden, unless you're keen on  growing heartier beets.
Buffy. Take a look. These letters contain references to an ancient power known as the First.
Evil. Absolute evil, older than man, than demons -- very few have heard  of it, fewer believe in it. But it is a force that transcends all realities, all dimensions, and if focused, could have had the power  to bring Angel back.
Traditionally. But we don't know that this is --
You had a dream? With Angel?
What happened in the dream?
They're known as the Bringers, or  the Harbingers... High priests of  the First. They can conjure spirit manifestations of the power, set  them on people. Influence them,  haunt them...
You can't fight the First, Buffy. It's not a physical being.
I'm still not sure what.
We can't lose our heads.
You realize, if he truly becomes a danger, you may have to kill him. Again.
Can you do that?
(re: his book) Yes! Ah. No. Well, maybe...
Yes, but... more posturing, I'm afraid. (reads:) "For they are the harbingers of death, nothing shall grow above or below them, no seed shall flower, neither in Man nor..." They're rebels and they'll never ever be any good. Nothing specific about their haunts --
What.