And, at some point you're going to tell me about the murder.
The Chumash Indians? They were the original inhabitants of this whole area. Interesting. Of course, maybe the murder weapon was simply a convenient choice--
Tell me again why we're not doing this at your house.
And this is in no way an elaborate scheme to stick me with the clean up.
Yes, all right. (gives up) I'll look into the Chumash connection. See if there's some ritual significance to the ear removal.
(called after) I will try to restrain myself from eating uncooked potatoes and cranberries.
So what do you think?
I think she's a little lonely. But I meant about the murder.
This "danger"... Your friend has an ominous vision about Buffy, it's terribly vague. There are other things happening on this campus--
Angel, I'm... I'm glad you're looking out for her. But I feel I have to remind you, she's not helpless and it's not your job to keep her safe.
All right. But I think we should tell her. I don't like keeping this secret.
I'm assuming there's a connection to the Old Mission. Something is  angry that it was disturbed.
Something with a fondness for ancient weapons.
I'll see about contacting him.
Where are you going?
It's not fair. You know that's  what she'd say. You can see her and she can't see you.
We're clearly dealing with a spirit of some kind. It's very common for Indian spirits to change to animal form.
Sorry?
Yes! Right. Always behind on the terms. Still trying not to refer to you lot as 'bloody colonials'.
This spirit warrior -- Hus, you called him? -- has killed innocent people.
I don't think I have a ricer.
(helpfully) Do you have one at home?
We'll mash them with forks, much like the pilgrims must have. Did you hear the part about the innocent people?
(re: books) What's all that?
The Chumash were peaceful.
I like mushy peas.
They cut off their ears.
And he's not likely to stop.
So it's up to us to stop him.
No, I think perhaps we WON'T be helping the angry spirit with his rape and pillage and murder.
Well, if the history books are filled with them, I'd say they already are --
It's not exactly ours to give.
Willow, I have reason to believe Buffy herself may be in particular danger from this menace.
Not terribly stealthy of him.
But Buffy doesn't know --
Well, good, but this is why we need to keep a level head about this menace.
You look like death.
Well let's give him some land, I'm sure that will clear everything right up.
Well, it was sort of an end in  itself.
But you freed his spirit, and after a century of unrest he saw you as one of his oppressors.
(thinking) But why the others? Why them particularly?
Yes, we've never faced this exact sort of spirit. We really don't  know what will kill it.
Yes, Willow, we all appreciate your perspective --
I think we do...
Buffy, Xander is in real danger. Are you sure the solution is pie?
We will find a solution --
Hus won't stop. Vengeance is never sated, Buffy. Hatred is a cycle. All he will do is kill.
Fairly unlikely.
What are you saying?
What? Oh. Yes. In the cupboard.
It's the victims. Apart from Xander, Hus has targeted authority figures -- Father Gabriel, the curator of the Cultural Center... who fits this pattern?
Likely candidate. We'll need to warn him.
(peevishly, almost to himself) I made several of those points earlier, but that's fine, no one listens...
We'll keep looking for a... solution.
Actually, I've always wondered.
Hello... Yes... Yes we're well aware of that, we're under siege now. Thank you.
A... Someone. We need a plan.
Buffy!
There's the leader, upstairs, and another one with him. Two at the living room windows and another at the window by the door.
We need help.
Bit busy over here...
I thought the turkey came out rather splendidly.
Violence does that. Instinct takes over.
Well, good work, Buffy. On both fronts.
Come on, you should be very pleased.
And we did all survive.