BUFFY: Looking for me?
JAMIE: Holy-- What do you want? I've got money--
JAMIE: Hey!
BUFFY: Look who's home.
JAMIE: Slayer.
JAMIE: Why don't you just go back where you came from? Things were great  before you came. We ruled this campus. You've ruined everything.
BUFFY: And they say one person can't make a difference.
GUERRERO: Ladies, gentlemen, students, I present to you, Professor Gerhardt of the Anthropology department.
CURATOR: When I first realized we were  outgrowing the current Cultural Center, I was concerned. Then I realized it was like seeing one's child grow up, and move on to better things. In this case, a spacious new facility to be built on this site...
ANYA: Look at him. Have you ever seen  anything so masculine?
BUFFY: You mean Dean Guerrero, or his wife?
WILLOW: I think she means...
BUFFY: Oh. Right. Very manly. Not at all Village People.
ANYA: So much sexier than the outfit from his last job.
WILLOW: I miss the free hot dogs on sticks.
ANYA: I'm imagining having sex with him right now.
CURATOR: . . . it's appropriate that the ground-breaking for the U.C.  Sunnydale Cultural Partnership Center is taking place so soon before Thanksgiving. Because that's what the Melting Pot is about, contributions from all cultures making our culture stronger.
WILLOW: What a load of horse hooey!
BUFFY: We have a counter point?
WILLOW: Thanksgiving isn't about blending cultures, it's about one culture wiping out another. Then they make animated specials about the parts with the maize and the big big belt buckles. They don't show you the next scene where all the bison die and Squanto takes a  musket ball in the stomach.
BUFFY: Okay, for some of that you were channeling your mom, right?
WILLOW: Well, sort of. That's why she  doesn't do Thanksgiving, or Columbus Day. You know, destruction of the indigenous peoples. Which sounds, I know, a little overwrought, but really she's right.
BUFFY: Yeah, I guess so. I never thought about it that way. With Mom at Aunt Pauline's this year, I'm not getting a Thanksgiving. Maybe it's just as well.
ANYA: Well I think that's a shame. I love a ritual sacrifice.
BUFFY: It's not really a one of those.
ANYA: To commemorate a past event you kill and eat an animal. It's a ritual sacrifice. With pie.
CURATOR: And thus... a symbolic beginning!
ANYA: What's she doing? Xander said he was going to dig! I want to see  Xander dig!
WILLOW: This part's just ceremonial.
ANYA: Well it bites. She's not rippling at all.
BUFFY: There he is.
ANYA: Ooh. Look at him.
WILLOW: Very... diggy.
ANYA: Soon he'll be sweating. I'm imagining having sex with him again.
BUFFY: Imaginary Xander is quite the machine.
XANDER: Ow. (then, calling up) I'm okay! I'm... okay...
WILLOW: While they were pulling Xander out, I heard some of the Anthro profs talking about it -- man, were they excited. It's the old Sunnydale Mission, which everyone thought was lost.
BUFFY: Uh-huh.
WILLOW: Is there something out there?
BUFFY: No. Sorry. A lost Mission? I mean, a hairbrush, I can understand, and by the way I will find that and give it back, but how do you lose a Mission?
WILLOW: Huge earthquake in 1812. Everyone assumed the Mission was leveled but instead they just build over  it. It's like what happened in the thirties with that church the Master was in. Doesn't it make you wonder what else is there, right under our feet?
BUFFY: Mostly? I've found sewers full of demons.
WILLOW: Oh, right.
WILLOW: Whoa. It's crazy out there.
BUFFY: Post-midterm frenzy.
WILLOW: And the holiday -- everyone's  going home. Looks like lots of lucky Moms are gonna be getting nice brimming bags of dirty laundry.
BUFFY: It's not fair. They all get a family holiday just 'cause they can be with their families.
WILLOW: It's a turvy-topsy world.
BUFFY: You know what I should do? I should have my own Thanksgiving. Invite all you guys, cook the whole meal just like Mom always does. It'll be great!
WILLOW: Buffy, earlier you agreed with me about Thanksgiving. It's a sham! It's all about death!
BUFFY: It's a sham, but it's a sham with yams. A yam sham.
WILLOW: You're not going to jokey-rhyme your way out of this one.
BUFFY: I know. It's just, I want it. It's like Professor Walsh was saying about sense memory. I smell a roasting turkey and I'm eight again. I liked having that to look forward to.
BUFFY: Everything's all different now.
WILLOW: (softening) Well, I suppose there could be slight yams. I mean, we definitely could use a little comfort food.
BUFFY: I bet Giles doesn't have any plans... And Xander usually flees most of his family gatherings...
WILLOW: (excited) We could not invite Anya!
BUFFY: I don't know... She and Xander seem pretty tight lately.
WILLOW: Grumble grumble.
BUFFY: Anyway, Pilgrims aside, isn't that the point of Thanksgiving? I mean, you know: Everyone's got a place to go?
GRAHAM: Man, I'm beat.
RILEY: We'll do one more sweep and cash it in.
FORREST: I gotta pack tonight. (to Riley) Did you get a flight?
RILEY: Wednesday night. Professor Walsh wants me here for the debriefing.
GRAHAM: Pretty short Thanksgiving.
RILEY: Hey, with the hostile on the loose we're lucky to be going home at all.
FORREST: He's neutered! The implant's working great; he can't hurt a single living thing.
RILEY: As long as he knows about the Initiative he's a threat. We do this the professor's way.
FORREST: (coughing the words into his fist) Mama's boy.
RILEY: That's a nasty cough. You might need to spend the weekend in  Quarantine.
FORREST: Uh, no, I'm done coughing.
RILEY: Just don't want anyone getting sick.
ANYA: Xander! What are you doing? You're supposed to be digging. I went to watch you digging and you weren't there doing it.
XANDER: I'm going now. Just, kind of, tough getting going today.
ANYA: Your head is moist. (getting it) You're sick!
XANDER: Is the floor all swirly?
ANYA: It's not.
XANDER: Then, yeah. I might have something.
ANYA: You can't go to work.
XANDER: Anya!
ANYA: You're pasty and wet and disgusting. They can dig without you.
XANDER: I don't really feel that bad.
ANYA: I inflicted a lot of putrefying  diseases on men when I was an avenging demon, and you look like you're getting all of them.
XANDER: (muffled) Okay, I'll stay. But you should go. You could catch it.
ANYA: Then we'll die together! It's romantic. Help me get your trousers off.
XANDER: You're a strange girlfriend.
ANYA: I'm a girlfriend?
XANDER: Um... there's a chance I'm delirious.
ANYA: Ah, yes.
ANYA: Well, whatever it is that's making you sick, so far I like it.
CURATOR: (into phone) . . . it's a very exciting opportunity. Can't wait to go down there myself. It just... well it means we have to start looking for a new location... it's really up to the dean. I just hope it doesn't cost us another year... Yeah... Okay, I'll talk to you soon.
BUFFY: Never get used to this. One day she's at the Friendship Ceremony, the next day she's on the news.
WILLOW: The coroner's office said she was missing an ear. So, I'm thinking maybe we're looking for a witch. There are some great spells that work much better with an ear in the mix.
BUFFY: That's one fun little hobby you've got there.
WILLOW: Or... or maybe an ear-harvesting demon. Like, it's building some kind of other demon completely out of ears...
WILLOW: Ooh. Thought. We're assuming that someone else cut off the ear. What if it was self inflicted, like Van Gogh?
BUFFY: So... she viciously stabbed herself to death, dumped the knife, then she cut off her own ear.
WILLOW: (don't be ridiculous) No. She cut off her ear, then she killed herself, then she dumped the... I'm really off my game, aren't I?
BUFFY: It's okay. Hey, look. Something's missing from this case.
BUFFY: (reading) Early eighteen-hundreds. Chumash knife. There's a picture.
WILLOW: What's it look like?
BUFFY: ...I mean, it was more like a riot than a Ralph's. I though I was going to have to put some Slayer moves on this one lady who was completely hoarding the pumpkin pie filling.
GILES: And, at some point you're going to tell me about the murder.
BUFFY: Oh. Well, the knife was some kind of Indian artifact. Chumash. That's all we've got.
GILES: The Chumash Indians? They were the original inhabitants of this whole area. Interesting. Of course, maybe the murder weapon was simply a convenient choice--
BUFFY: Guy had a big ol' scissors right there. The knife was picked out  for a reason. Don't you even own a turkey pan?
GILES: Tell me again why we're not doing this at your house.
BUFFY: Giles, if you want to get by in American society you have to learn our traditions. You're the patriarch. You have to host the festivities or it's all meaningless.
GILES: And this is in no way an elaborate scheme to stick me with the clean up.
BUFFY: How 'bout that ceremonial knife, huh? Pretty juicy piece of clueage, don't you think?
GILES: Yes, all right. (gives up) I'll look into the Chumash connection. See if there's some ritual significance to the ear removal.
BUFFY: Thanks. I got a few more things to pick up. I'll check in. And keep your hands off the food.
GILES: (called after) I will try to restrain myself from eating uncooked potatoes and cranberries.
GILES: So what do you think?
ANGEL: She sounds good. Kind of intense about this Thanksgiving thing...
GILES: I think she's a little lonely. But I meant about the murder.
ANGEL: Whatever killed the woman in the museum, that's probably the danger.
GILES: This "danger"... Your friend has an ominous vision about Buffy, it's terribly vague. There are other things happening on this campus--
ANGEL: Maybe I'm wrong... but, I have to try something. I can't just keep watching.
GILES: Angel, I'm... I'm glad you're looking out for her. But I feel I have to remind you, she's not helpless and it's not your job to keep her safe.
ANGEL: It's not yours anymore either. Are you going to walk away?
GILES: All right. But I think we should tell her. I don't like keeping this secret.
ANGEL: If she knew I was here, I-- It would distract her. It could get her hurt. I don't want to, to get in the way.
GILES: I'm assuming there's a connection to the Old Mission. Something is  angry that it was disturbed.
ANGEL: Or maybe it was trapped there and now it's released...
GILES: Something with a fondness for ancient weapons.
ANGEL: Do you know Father Gabriel? He knows the history of this place pretty well -- family dates back to mission times. He might fill in some blanks.
GILES: I'll see about contacting him.
GILES: Where are you going?
ANGEL: To watch her.
GILES: It's not fair. You know that's  what she'd say. You can see her and she can't see you.
ANGEL: Believe me, I'm not getting the good half of the deal. To be outside, looking in at what I can't... I'd forgotten how bad it feels.
WILLOW: But you have whipped cream. I saw it in Giles' fridge.
BUFFY: That was the whipped cream in the  canister. You know... (imitates aerosol whipped cream sound) It's only right if you whip it  yourself.
WILLOW: Yay. And then we can churn our own butter and make sweaters out of sheep!
BUFFY: I swear, this'll be the last thing. Anyway, I have an appointment to go see this priest Giles called me about. He thinks he might have some information--
BUFFY: Hi. I didn't see you at all. Where'd you come from?
RILEY: Oh, just across the street, and... and a couple blocks down. Hey, Willow.
WILLOW: Hi. You know, I think I'll just let you two... Hey, look, they're selling coffee in the... coffee shop. Yum.
WILLOW: Ang--
WILLOW: (muffled by his hand) Evil. You're all evil again.
ANGEL: I'm not evil. I'm here to help Buffy.
WILLOW: What's going on?
ANGEL: My friend had a vision. Buffy's  in danger.
WILLOW: So tell her. Help her.
ANGEL: If she sees me it'll be worse.
WILLOW: See, I don't get that. All this "leaving for her own good" garbage. Because that's what it is. You can't just give up on something because there's obstacles. What kind of--
ANGEL: Willow?
WILLOW: Sorry. My stuff.
ANGEL: You know how I feel about her. If there was any way...
WILLOW: Sorry. Yeah. I know.
ANGEL: It's just, everything's different now.
WILLOW: So I've heard. Hey, is Cordelia really working for you? That's gotta be... a special experience. Of all the people you could've hired--
ANGEL: Will. I'm here to protect Buffy. I don't have a whole lotta time for personal stuff.
WILLOW: Right. How can I help?
ANGEL: Well, if you can just tell me... (totally jealous) Who's that guy?
BUFFY: ...it'll be just like it was when I was a kid. Only without me building a fort out of my mashed potatoes.
RILEY: Sounds like fun.
BUFFY: Hey, you know what? If you're around, you know, and you don't have anywhere to go... Well, you should come. I'm a great cook. In theory. I mean, I've eaten a lot.
RILEY: That sounds so great. But I'm out of here tonight, caught a last- minute flight back to Iowa.
BUFFY: (disappointed) Iowa. That's one of the ones in the middle.
RILEY: My folks are there. We always do Thanksgiving at my grandparents farm. Little place just outside Huxley. Corn and pigs.
BUFFY: That sounds wonderful.
RILEY: It is. After dinner, we all go for a walk down by the river with the dogs. And there's... trees, and I know what you're thinking, it's like I grew up in a Grant Wood painting.
BUFFY: Exactly. If I knew who that was.
RILEY: Just a guy who painted stuff that looked like what I grew up in.
BUFFY: Ah. Well, have fun at the homestead.
RILEY: Always do. What's the line -- "Home's the place that, when you have to go there --"
BUFFY: "-- they have to take you in." That's what they say.
HARMONY: Get out.
SPIKE: But, baby... This is where I belong.
HARMONY: Out! I mean it. I've done a lot of reading, and, and I'm in control of my own power now. So we're through.
SPIKE: You don't mean that.
HARMONY: Yes I do. I do. (completely turned on) I mean it a lot...
SPIKE: See? I knew you'd end up welcoming me with open... (he caresses her legs) ...arms.
HARMONY: No! I'm powerful and I'm beautiful and I don't need you to make me complete and you're mean!
SPIKE: You had that in our bed?! Do you know how dangerous that is?
HARMONY: Let's find out.
SPIKE: You wouldn't do it.
HARMONY: You did it to me, remember?
SPIKE: All right! I'll go, just...
HARMONY: What.
SPIKE: Can I have someone to eat?
BUFFY: Hello? Father Gabriel?
BUFFY: Father? Are you out here?
BUFFY: God...
HUS: (quiet menace) You can't stop me.
BUFFY: You're very wrong about that.
HUS: I am vengeance. I am my people's cry. They call for (pointing to himself) Hus, for the avenging spirit, to carve out justice.
BUFFY: (calm but truly pissed) They tell you start an ear collection?
HUS: You slaughtered my people. Now you kill their spirit. This is a  great day for you.
GILES: We're clearly dealing with a spirit of some kind. It's very common for Indian spirits to change to animal form.
BUFFY: Well it's plenty uncommon for me to freeze up during a fight. I had the guy, I was ready for the  takedown and I stopped! And "Native American".
GILES: Sorry?
BUFFY: We don't say Indian.
GILES: Yes! Right. Always behind on the terms. Still trying not to refer to you lot as 'bloody colonials'.
BUFFY: The thing is, I like my evil like my men: evil. You know, straight up, black hat, tie you to the railroad tracks, soon my electro ray will destroy metropolis BAD. Not all mixed up with guilt and the destruction of an indigenous culture.
GILES: This spirit warrior -- Hus, you called him? -- has killed innocent people.
BUFFY: (re: potatoes) We need to boil those and then put them through a ricer.
GILES: I don't think I have a ricer.
BUFFY: You don't have a ricer? What do you mean? How could somebody not have a ricer?
GILES: (helpfully) Do you have one at home?
BUFFY: I don't know. What's a ricer?
GILES: We'll mash them with forks, much like the pilgrims must have. Did you hear the part about the innocent people?
BUFFY: Yes. And I want to stop this guy. I just wish there was a non slayee way to do it.
WILLOW: Hey.
BUFFY: Hey! Peas?
WILLOW: (indicating with her head) Peas.
BUFFY: These are frozen.
GILES: (re: books) What's all that?
WILLOW: Atrocities! I got the full poop on the Chumash Indians and our fabulous buried Mission.
BUFFY: You said you were gonna get fresh ones.
WILLOW: Atrocities?
BUFFY: Peas. You know, in the little pods... you were gonna shell them.
WILLOW: I didn't have time. I was busy reading about the Chumash war.
GILES: The Chumash were peaceful.
WILLOW: Oh, they were peaceful, all right. They were fluffy indigenous kittens! 'Til we came along.
BUFFY: They're gonna be mushy.
WILLOW: They won't be mushy.
GILES: I like mushy peas.
BUFFY: Yeah, well, you're why there had to be pilgrims in the first place. (to Will) What happened to the Chumash?
WILLOW: How about imprisonment? Forced labor? Herded like animals into a mission full of bad European diseases?
BUFFY: Boy, the Cultural Partnership center really didn't stress any of that stuff.
WILLOW: Not even a diorama. And it gets better. The few Chumash who tried to rebel were hanged, AND, when a group was accused of stealing cattle, they were killed, men women and children, and for proof to bring back to their accusers...
GILES: They cut off their ears.
BUFFY: So Hus wasn't kidding with that "rightful vengeance" routine. He's recreating all the wrongs that were done his people.
GILES: And he's not likely to stop.
GILES: So it's up to us to stop him.
BUFFY: Yeah but after dinner, right?
WILLOW: You sure we shouldn't be helping him?
GILES: No, I think perhaps we WON'T be helping the angry spirit with his rape and pillage and murder.
WILLOW: Well, okay, no, but we should be helping him redress his wrongs. Bringing the atrocities to light!
GILES: Well, if the history books are filled with them, I'd say they already are --
WILLOW: Giving his land back!
BUFFY: (meekly helpful) Well, maybe we could do that --
GILES: It's not exactly ours to give.
BUFFY: You know --
BUFFY: I have to baste.
BUFFY: That's good.
GILES: Willow, I have reason to believe Buffy herself may be in particular danger from this menace.
WILLOW: Oh. You mean (mouths it:) Angel. (speaks) I saw him too.
GILES: Not terribly stealthy of him.
WILLOW: I think he's lost his edge.
GILES: But Buffy doesn't know --
WILLOW: No no! Not a peep.
GILES: Well, good, but this is why we need to keep a level head about this menace.
WILLOW: And I happen to think mine is the  level head and yours is the one that things would roll off of.
XANDER: Happy Thanksgiving...
WILLOW: Xander!
GILES: You look like death.
WILLOW: Are you okay?
BUFFY: You didn't bring rolls?
XANDER: The doctor couldn't figure out what was up with me. Said I had a lot of symptoms that didn't  connect.
BUFFY: I think they connect.
XANDER: What, to this Chumash spirit vengeance guy?
BUFFY: (to Willow) Didn't you say the Chumash got all diseased, holed up in the mission?
WILLOW: Yeah. (re: book) This has a better account of everything. Lists the various...
XANDER: Various? As in...
WILLOW: Well, the important thing is not to panic.
XANDER: Well, you just recited the mystical panic-causing incantation so little hope there. Tell me about the various.
WILLOW: Well, they did suffer from malaria, some smallpox.
ANYA: I was gonna say smallpox --
WILLOW: Plus, you know, a little (hiding the word) Syphilis, basically standard sort of --
XANDER: Syphilis?
WILLOW: But this is probably mystical, and it'll all go away as soon as --
BUFFY: As soon as what? We still don't know what we're gonna do.
WILLOW: Maybe I can find something.
GILES: Well let's give him some land, I'm sure that will clear everything right up.
BUFFY: Giles, the sarcasm accomplishes nothing.
GILES: Well, it was sort of an end in  itself.
XANDER: Can we come rocketing back to the part about me and my new syphilis?
ANYA: Oh, that'll make you blind and insane, but it won't kill you. The smallpox will.
XANDER: Sweetie... not helping.
WILLOW: There might be a wiccan spell that could cure it, something regular medicine doesn't know about. I  think there was a potion... (pulls a book closer) Sage, salt, onion...
BUFFY: That's for the stuffing.
XANDER: Oh God.
ANYA: (off her book) You're going to get vesicles. Then pustules. They have pictures.
XANDER: I hate this guy.
WILLOW: He's just doing what was done to him.
XANDER: I didn't give him syphilis!
GILES: But you freed his spirit, and after a century of unrest he saw you as one of his oppressors.
XANDER: So he rises up and infects the  first guy he sees? That's not fair.
WILLOW: Like you've never woken up cranky.
GILES: (thinking) But why the others? Why them particularly?
XANDER: So let's take this guy out! Buffy: It is for to be slaying sometime soon, yeah?
BUFFY: Well, that's sort of the question before the court.
XANDER: Question?
WILLOW: There's two sides to it.
XANDER: To slaying him? Well, the representative from syphilis votes "yea".
WILLOW: It's not that simple.
XANDER: He's a vengeance demon! You don't  talk to vengeance demons, you kill them!
ANYA: (quietly) I didn't know you felt that way.
XANDER: What? I didn't mean -- you're an EX-vengeance demon, it's totally different...
ANYA: (very hurt) Sure. It's okay.
XANDER: Anya...
WILLOW: Anyway, he's a spirit, not a demon.
GILES: Yes, we've never faced this exact sort of spirit. We really don't  know what will kill it.
WILLOW: Again with the killing!
GILES: Yes, Willow, we all appreciate your perspective --
ANYA: Some vengeance is justified, you know...
ANYA: Some vengeance is justified, you know...
WILLOW: I don't think anyone "appreciates" the truth of this situation...
XANDER: You know I didn't mean you...
GILES: I think we do...
BUFFY: This is no good.
BUFFY: (a little sheepish) It needs more condensed milk.
GILES: Buffy, Xander is in real danger. Are you sure the solution is pie?
BUFFY: Over bickering and confusion? I'll take pie.
GILES: We will find a solution --
BUFFY: And we will have a nice dinner. Okay? Both. End of story. I'm having a Thanksgiving. It's going to be perfect.
GILES: Hus won't stop. Vengeance is never sated, Buffy. Hatred is a cycle. All he will do is kill.
SPIKE: Help me...
SPIKE: What part of "help me" did you not understand?
BUFFY: The part where I help you.
SPIKE: Come on! I'm parboiling out here!
BUFFY: You want me to make it quicker?
SPIKE: Invite me in!
GILES: Fairly unlikely.
SPIKE: Dammit! Look, I'm safe, I can't bite anyone! Willow! Tell them what I did.
WILLOW: You said you were gonna kill me and then kill Buffy.
SPIKE: Yes, bad, but let's skip that part and get to the part where I couldn't  bite you!
WILLOW: It's true. He had trouble performing.
SPIKE: Yeah, well it looks like they've done me for good.
GILES: What are you saying?
SPIKE: I'm saying Spike had a little trip to the vet and now he doesn't chase the other puppies anymore. I can't bite anything. I can't even hit people.
BUFFY: So you haven't murdered anybody lately. Let's be best pals!
SPIKE: I got information. About those soldier boys you were fighting. I got the inside scoop.
SPIKE: Come on... what have you got to be afraid of?
HUS: First People, who dwell in <i>Mishupashup</i>, hear me and descend, walk with me upon <i>Itiashup</i> again...
HUS: . . . Hear me also, <i>Nunashush</i>, spirits from below, creatures of the night, dwellers in <i>Cayinashup</i>, take human form, and join the battle... <i>apoilis</i>, <i>untakas isana</i> -- bring me my revenge!
SPIKE: Bloody hell, woman! You're cutting off my circulation.
BUFFY: You don't have any circulation.
SPIKE: Well it pinches.
BUFFY: Get used to it. I got more important things to worry about.
SPIKE: I came to you in friendship! Well, all right, seething hatred but I've got useful information and I feel I'm being mistreated.
BUFFY: So tell me everything you know.
SPIKE: I'm too hungry to remember everything.
BUFFY: Then sit.
ANYA: How much butter goes in with these?
BUFFY: Uh, half a stick. And a quarter cup of brandy. (to Giles) You have brandy, right?
GILES: What? Oh. Yes. In the cupboard.
SPIKE: I wouldn't say no to a brandy...
BUFFY: (to Giles) What's wrong?
GILES: It's the victims. Apart from Xander, Hus has targeted authority figures -- Father Gabriel, the curator of the Cultural Center... who fits this pattern?
SPIKE: Just a small brandy...
BUFFY: (thinking) The Dean. Dean Guerrero, he's the king of us -- and he was at the ceremony...
GILES: Likely candidate. We'll need to warn him.
BUFFY: Will, isn't there anything in there about how to stop a Native American spirit guy? Some nice, non judgemental way to, you know, kill him?
WILLOW: I'm not helping you kill him! I'm not on board.
BUFFY: Will, what choice do we have?
WILLOW: This isn't a Western, Buffy! We're not at Fort... Giles, with the cavalry coming to save us! It's one lonely and oppressed warrior guy who's just trying to --
BUFFY: -- kill a lot of people?
WILLOW: I didn't say he was right...
BUFFY: Will, you know how bad I feel. This is eating me up -- (to Anya, who holds up the bottle of brandy) -- a quarter cup, and let it simmer -- (to Willow, as Anya goes back) -- but even though it's hard, we have to end this. Yes, he's been wronged, and I personally would be ready to apologize...
SPIKE: Oh, someone put a stake in me!
XANDER: You got a lot of volunteers in  here...
SPIKE: I just can't take this mamby-pamby boo-hooing over the bloody Indians!
WILLOW: The preferred term is --
SPIKE: You won! All right? You came in and you killed them and you took their land. That's what  conquering nations do! That's what Caesar did, he's not going around saying "I came, I conquered, I felt really bad about it"! The history of the world is not people making friends. You had better weapons, you massacred them, end of story!
BUFFY: Well, I think the Spaniards actually did a lot of... not that I don't like Spaniards...
SPIKE: Listen to you! How are you gonna fight anybody with that attitude?
WILLOW: We don't want to fight anybody.
BUFFY: I just want to have Thanksgiving.
SPIKE: Yeah, good luck.
WILLOW: If we could talk to him --
SPIKE: You exterminated his race. What could you possibly say that would make him feel better? It's kill or be killed here. Take your bloody pick.
XANDER: Maybe it's the syphilis talking, but some of that made sense.
GILES: (peevishly, almost to himself) I made several of those points earlier, but that's fine, no one listens...
BUFFY: All right. Whatever happens, someone should go warn the Dean.
WILLOW: (upset, confused) I'll go. I need the air.
BUFFY: Not alone.
ANYA: I'll go.
XANDER: Me too.
BUFFY: You sure you're up to it?
SPIKE: Oh leave that one. He looks like he's ready to drop any minute, and I think I can eat someone if they're already dead.
XANDER: (heading out) I'm up to it.
GILES: We'll keep looking for a... solution.
BUFFY: His house is up past the gym. And  guys... hurry. Dinner's in an hour.
SPIKE: Hey, when do I get fed?
BUFFY: Later. (to Giles) I hope the others are okay...
SPIKE: Do you know what happens to a vampire that doesn't get to feed?
GILES: Actually, I've always wondered.
BUFFY: Giles, plates.
SPIKE: Living skeletons, mate. Like famine pictures from those dusty countries, only not half as funny.
BUFFY: You can have gravy. Gravy has blood in it, right?
SPIKE: You know what else has blood in it? Blood!
BUFFY: You want me to gag you? 'Cause I'm not listening to you whine all the way through dinner. We're gonna have a nice, quiet, civilized...
SPIKE: Hey! Watch the heart!
XANDER: Well, that was a waste of time.
WILLOW: I think he thought we were crazy.
XANDER: Maybe Anya shouldn't have opened the conversation with "Everybody got both ears?"
ANYA: I liked his wife. She gave me pie.
XANDER: So what do we do now?
WILLOW: We could stay, and stand watch, but I don't know--
ANGEL: Willow--
XANDER: Angel!
ANYA: (re: Angel) This is Angel. He's large and glowery, isn't he?
ANGEL: I'm not evil again! Why does everyone think that?
WILLOW: Angel's here to protect Buffy.
ANGEL: I haven't been evil for a long time.
WILLOW: She's not supposed to know he's  here. Angel, you have something new?
ANGEL: Yeah. All the Chumash weapons are missing from the cultural center. Something's up. Where's Buffy?
WILLOW: (to Angel) Still at Giles'. She just sent us out to check on Dean Guerrero.
ANYA: He's fine. Lots of ears.
ANGEL: Why the Dean?
WILLOW: We think he's going after someone in charge. A leader.
ANGEL: He's a warrior. To a warrior the leader means the strongest fighter.
XANDER: Buffy.
ANGEL: He's formed a raiding party.
WILLOW: We've got to get back there!
ANGEL: I'll call her. You get back <u>fast</u>.
XANDER: How can we --
GILES: Hello... Yes... Yes we're well aware of that, we're under siege now. Thank you.
BUFFY: Who was that?
GILES: A... Someone. We need a plan.
SPIKE: Yes, let's talk about it some more...
BUFFY: Where's your weapons chest?
GILES: Buffy!
SPIKE: Hey, remember that "never apologize" thing? Forget it. Apologize.
BUFFY: Shut up, Spike.
SPIKE: Fine. I'll do it. (called, to Hus) Hey! Sorry! Sorry about that, Chief!
BUFFY: (to Giles) How many?
GILES: There's the leader, upstairs, and another one with him. Two at the living room windows and another at the window by the door.
BUFFY: Five total. Too many.
GILES: We need help.
SPIKE: Aargh! Bloody hell!
BUFFY: Giles! These guys! They don't die!
GILES: Bit busy over here...
XANDER: Get away from them!
XANDER: Hey!
WILLOW: (with each blow) Why. Won't. You. Die?
ANYA: (to Willow, intrigued) What's he like when he <u>is</u> evil?
ANGEL: Help the others!
BUFFY: Your knife. It can kill you.
SPIKE: You made a bear!
BUFFY: I didn't mean to!
SPIKE: Undo it! Undo it!
SPIKE: Oof.
XANDER: Hey! Gentle Ben! Over here!
XANDER: (to the bear) That's for giving me syphilis!
SPIKE: (from the floor) What happened? Did we win?
WILLOW: I feel lousy.
GILES: I thought the turkey came out rather splendidly.
WILLOW: It was yummy, I just... did you see me? Two seconds of conflict with an indigenous person and I turn into General Custer.
GILES: Violence does that. Instinct takes over.
SPIKE: Yeah, that's the fun!
XANDER: Nobody asked you.
SPIKE: Oh, lay off. You've all had a fine meal, but me... an entire siege, you'd think one of you would bleed a little...
GILES: Well, good work, Buffy. On both fronts.
BUFFY: (a little sad) Thanks.
GILES: Come on, you should be very pleased.
BUFFY: It wasn't exactly a perfect Thanksgiving.
XANDER: I don't know. It kinda seemed right to me. A bunch of  anticipation, a big fight and now we're all sleepy.
GILES: And we did all survive.
BUFFY: Well. I guess that much is true. My first Thanksgiving on my own and we all got through it.
XANDER: And you know what? (romantically, to Anya) I think my syphilis is clearing right up.
ANYA: That's nice...
BUFFY: And they say romance is dead. Or maybe they just wish it.
WILLOW: And maybe we started a <u>new</u> tradition this year. (thinks about it) Maybe not. But anyway, we all worked together, that was like old times.
XANDER: Yeah. Especially with Angel here and everything.
BUFFY: <u>Angel</u>?
CURATOR: <b>When I first realized we were outgrowing the current Cultural Center, I was concerned. Then I realized it was like seeing one's  child grow up, and move on to better things. In this case, a spacious new facility to be built on this site</b>... Give your dream room to grow and it will fill the largest palace. And of course, it isn't just space that makes a collection of this kind valuable, it's accessibility. I want this to be a place that students visit on their own, because they want to. Because what they've seen here has connected them with other peoples and other times and given them a basis for understanding something in their own lives. This collection isn't about dusty relics from some past, irrelevant lives. It's about a direct line to the past, a lifeline, if you will. That's why... <b>it's appropriate that the ground- breaking for the U.C. Sunnydale Cultural Partnership Center is taking place so soon before Thanksgiving. Because that's what the Melting Pot is about, contributions from all cultures making our culture stronger.</b> Some of you will see artifacts that may have been handled by your own ancestors. All of you will recognize in our displays a common thread of humanity, whether it is in the tools that speak of our relationship with the land, or in the clothing and art that speak of our need to improve and to express. But of course, history is not just about the past. I like to think that our breaking ground here today is also part of history. It is the start of something that doesn't just look backwards, but also forward into your lives and lives of future generations. <b>And thus... a symbolic beginning!</b>