That's disturbing. You're emotionally scarred and will turn out badly.
(eagerly) We could play that game again. Life? That's fun.
Well, we could wager this time. You could give me real money. That would be different.
(dead serious) I don't think they'd server her in a bar. But we could bring something in. (brightly/to Dawn) Strawberry Schnapps tastes just like ice cream.
<u>There's a chimp playing hockey</u>?!
We have to see the chimp playing hockey! That's hilarious! Ice is so slippery! And monkeys are all irrational... we have to see this!
Go monkey! Choose monkey!
He's not very convincing.
Does that mean we can't?
Who ordered more chicken's feet? The ones we have aren't moving at all.
I'm serious... Maybe we should do a holiday promotion - one free with every purchase.
Oh, yes. Very humorous. Make fun of the ex-demon. I can just hear you in private: "I dislike that Anya. She is newly-human and strangely literal."
There is nothing wrong with my idea, anyway. I have been very good for this store. If it wasn't for me, Giles would be a terrified old man staring at a quarterly tax statement and wetting himself.
Yes, that's right. I forgot about all the vigorous sitting around.
(sweetly) I'm sorry, Willow. Thank you for making time in your busy life to come in here and get in the way of mine.
Fine! Take her side instead of mine. Even though <u>I'm</u> the one who sleeps with you and feeds you and bathes you!
It's been going on for centuries. Humans hire vampires to feed off them. They get off on the rush.
Because they get cash, hot and cold running blood - and they don't leave any corpses around, so they don't get hunted.
Not to mention the fact that if you cut off their supply - they'll only look for another fix someplace else.
Sure thing.
Have a nice day. Don't get killed!
A while. She seemed pretty gung ho about it, too. Didn't even stop to say hello.
I don't know. Maybe you're overreacting. I mean, who hasn't done stuff like that from time to time? I made this one guy spontaneously combust, and he set his whole village on fire-
Ah - a little after hours hanky- panky in the training room, huh? Xander and I can tell you some stories-
There's a funny thing with the vaulting horse, you can-
What? He was the one who started it.
Oh. (then) Well, let's just go home and, y'know, have 'em.