No. Thanks though.
I can't stand this, what's taking so long?
You think?
(cutting him off) What happened? Is she alright?
Oh My God, Doctor - thank you. Thank you so much.
Sorry, sorry - but thank you, thanks. I mean it-
Can we put this song on "repeat?"
Can we put this night on "repeat?"
Good... (then) God. I can't believe how relaxed I feel. Like all the tension's just been released from my body...
(coy) Scheduled? Are you planning to seduce me?
It's more than special. It's perfect.
It was nothing compared to what Mom had to deal with.
Not really. I was just covering for the weepy chicken within.
Oh, I cried alright. There were a few times I couldn't stop.
But that's all over now. Now Mom's out of the woods and I'm here with you - and that's all that matters.
But a very well groomed cat.
I think it's fun. We can get you a whole bunch of different wigs. You can be like - Action Mom, Sixties Mom, French Maid Mom... Maybe get a big green Grinchy- looking one for Christmas...
Well, yeah. I have a lot of lost time to make up.
I'm fine. Willow's been bringing me my work. I may have to take a few incompletes, but I'll get through the semester.
I will. I promise. But right now I'm more into being here - and styling your beautiful new plastic dream hair.
I am having fun. Besides, I gave Riley the rest of the day off.
Mom - I told Riley to make his own plans tonight because I wanted to have you all to myself. Okay? I can see him anytime. (then) Besides, I'm sure he'll come around later looking for some- (catches herself) Bible study.
We are. Absolutely.
Riley?
Spike. Every time you show up like this, you risk all your parts - you know that?
Get out.
(deadly) Get out or I'll drop you out, head first.
(suspicious) What?
This better be worth getting out of my warm bed for, or so help me-
Giles, I need to find out everything I can about a vamp nest downtown.
(cutting him off) It was like a... there were people there. It looked like they were paying vampires to bite them.
You knew about this and you didn't tell me?
Well it is, and I'm going to stop it.
What? Why?
You said people are dying.
Vampires are vampires. And my job description is pretty clear. (hard) Are you coming with me or not?
Back me up or not, I'm not waiting.
I don't know what happened. This place was doing serious business last night...
(to Giles) You think they'll set up shop again here in town?
(frustrated) But they're around somewhere. There's got to be a way we can find these creeps.
(deadly calm) We'd better get going.
I'm not ready to talk to you yet.
I'm serious. Unless you want a fight-
(pained) And say what, Riley? What were you thinking? How long have you been lying to me? (then) Nothing you can say right now is going to make it better.
Fine. But get your hands off me.
I did not let him-
(shakes her head) You so don't get it.
So this is <u>my</u> fault? Gee, Buffy's so mysterious - I think I'll go almost die. I think I'll let some other woman...
Vampires, <u>killers</u>.
I can't. I can't hear this-
(livid) Fine. Tell me about your whores. Tell me what on earth they've been giving you that I can't.
(cutting him off) They needed your money! It wasn't about you.
(pained) Why are you telling me this?
And - I don't? Make you feel that way?
How can you compare me to, to that? How can you say you understand what those vampires were feeling? You're not a passion to them, you're a snack! An idiotic, willing snack!
And you don't think I care that way about you? How dare you tell me-
I'm sorry I couldn't take care of you when I thought my mom was dying.
But I do. See, that's part of what a slayer is. And that's really what this is about. You can't handle that I'm stronger than you.
Then what? What do you want from me Riley? I've given you everything I have. Every part of me, body and soul-
Well whose fault is that? Because I'm telling you - this is me. This is the package. And if it's so deficient that you need to get your kicks elsewhere then we have a real problem.
(stunned) Tonight? When were you going to tell me about this?
Are you going?
Then what? That's it - goodbye?
You are unbelievable! You're giving me an ultimatum?
You are! You expect me to get over it <u>now</u> or you're gone!
No. I've heard enough. I'm not taking the blame for all of this-
(cutting him off) Let me go, or I'll-
(deadly) Get out of my way.
Felt pretty good to me.
Walk away.
I'm serious. Don't do this. Not now-
What are you doing here?
Go home, Xander.
I'm serious.
Just leave me alone, Xander. You have no idea what's going on.
What? Who told you-
(cutting him off) The guy got himself bit by a vampire!
He lied to me. He ran around behind my back and almost got himself killed. And now he has the nerve to tell me that he's leaving with some covert military operation at midnight, unless I convince him not to. (then) No tell me you "understand" - because I sure as hell don't.
It's not my decision if he wants to take off--
Well, that's not fair!
What am I supposed to do? Beg him to stay?
I don't even know who he is! I mean he's... I thought Riley was dependable --
You know what I mean.
Look who's talking! You've got Anya following you around like a love sick puppy --
Is she more than a convenience? 'Cause that'd be kind of a surprise.
Good. 'Cause --
I know the story, Xander.
Xander-
Riley!!
Stop!! Riley!!