There's a clock on the wall behind you, Will.
Buffy's pretty cool about that. (then) So what do you want to do now, Dawnster? Keeping in mind that I'm not going to chase you, because I am old and stuffed full of mu-gu-gai-starch.
And after we teach her to gamble, maybe we could all get drunk.
(to Dawn) There will be no Schnapps, no alcohol of any kind until you are at least old enough to be President, understand?
How about a movie? They're showing 'em in theaters now. I hear it's like watching a video with a bunch of strangers and a sticky floor.
The chimp playing hockey? Is that based on the Chekhov?
You pick, Dawn. This is your night. We're celebrating your mom's good news.
That's not it at all... they just need some time to... be tender... relax...
That' generally what happens when you cut them off the chicken.
(to Anya) Hey, Ahn, you can back off a little. You get paid. Willow's doing this on her own time.
Anya! Play nice!
(embarrassed) Only in an erotic, Penthouse-y way. Not in a sponge-bathy, geriatric sort of-
(mock relief) <u>Now</u> I know what to get for the person who has everything.
Why don't the vampires just kill them?
What's the rush, Buff? If we're going into a nest maybe we should come up with a strategy. Wait for Riley...
Guess everybody jumped ship when word got out that the Slayer found their crib. (quickly) And let me just apologize for that use of the word crib.
Yeah. I'm sure you'll get 'em next time, champ.
How long has she been in there?
Yeah... When we went to deal with that vampire nest, she got all Rambo and torched the place. Something seriously bad is going on with her.
(cuts her off) Could you stop being scary for a minute and listen to what I'm trying to tell you?
(nods) She's training.
Not now. Let's go, Anya.
<u>Anya</u>-
In your world, maybe. But where the people are this isn't the time for tales of Anya and Xander's Sexcapades.
Actually, I got some stuff to take care of.
So how'd that work out for you? Make you feel better?
I thought you might need to talk. Then I saw you get into this skirmish... I was going to lend a hand - but you seemed to grow a few extra ones.
Buffy-
So am I. Something's up. You're acting like a crazy person.
Take this, for instance. You don't want to deal, so you <u>hide</u>? Not very slayer-like.
No? Good. So you and Riley aren't imploding?
Doesn't take a genius. What I can't figure out is how you didn't see it coming?
Nobody told me anything, Buffy. It's been right in front of my Xander face. The guy would do anything for you-
Are you going to let him go?
Of course it is.
Who cares if it's fair? In about twenty minutes Riley's gonna disappear -- maybe forever -- unless you do something to stop him.
Why wouldn't you? To keep Riley here, you wouldn't --
Dependable? What is he, State Farm?
Yeah, I think you mean convenient. I think you took it for granted that he was gonna show up when you wanted him to and take off when you didn't.
Oh boy is this not about me --
If you don't want to hear what I have to say, I'll shut up right now.
I lied. See, what I think? You got burned with Angel. Then Riley shows up-
But you missed the point. You shut down, Buffy. And you've been treating Riley like the rebound guy, when he's the one who comes along once in a lifetime. He's never held back with you - he's risked it all - and you're about to let him fly because you don't like <u>ultimatums</u>?
If what he needs from you just isn't there - for God's sake, let him go. But if it is? If you can go deeper... Let him get to know that raw, unguarded heart you tried to put away... Maybe you'd better risk something too.
Okay. So he's drawn the line. Good. Cause either this is the end - or maybe it's the beginning. It's up to you.
<u>Run</u>.
I need to say something to you. I should have said it a long time ago. I mean, you may not even know... I love you, Anya, more every day. I love the way you see things. I love the way you work a cash register and how beautiful you are - and how amazingly sweet and crazy you can be at the same time...
I can't imagine my days without you - and I wouldn't want to.