Smell good, don't they?
Clean sheets. Like summer.
Right. I forgot.
I wish I could stay, but-
It's just, with…
(glancing at clock) Now I really have to go.
So, you can repair it?
(a little testy) Just tell me - can you fix it or not?
What? Some rest? I can't, Giles. There's a  demonoid killing machine out loose, and it doesn't  only work the night shift.
Just get the blaster working. That's all the strength  I need.
Why, because ray guns aren't in the Slayer Handbook?  You haven't seen this Adam thing, Will. He's the Terminator without the bashful charm. He's fast,  he's deadly, and the last time we met - he kicked my ass.
They keep telling me he's fine, and that's all  they'll say.
Maybe, but I don't even know what  The Initiative version of "fine" is. They  could be forcing him back onto medication,  or torturing him for all I know.
The only thing I know for certain is,  my boyfriend's locked away and  I'm not helping.
But the Initiative has a whole branch of  brain-washy, behavior modification guys.
So… what happens when they start not liking Riley's behavior?
<b>I told you I had things to do.</b>
(nods) Not too far.
I've never seen anything like it.
He's studying biology. Humans,  demons, whatever he can get his  hands on and tear apart.
It's not coming to that. The Initiative  made this monster, now they can't stop it.  But we will.
No.
Riley. I gotta get him out of there. I am  not leaving him down there with the  people who made this thing. I don't care  how many guns they have. We're going in.
Willow. I need you to hack into the  security mainframe and buy me a  ten-minute shutdown of all operational systems.
(interrupting) Tricky, but not impossible. If you can't do it online, use magic. Just get it done. Xander. Any gear you've been saving for a rainy day - you give to me.
(shakes her head) We tried sneaking in, this time it's force. Explosives, tear gas, grappling hooks. I'll go in through the elevator shaft, use the cables for tow line. Blast open the main facility doors and find the infirmary.
By now their reserve generator's kicked in so I take out the main guard fast and…
RILEY!!!
Oh my God, did I hurt you?
How'd you get out?
Forget it, we're just happy to have you back.
You're here. Whatever comes we can handle it.
It's just the scarf part of me, really.
Um… I don't know. Does The Initiative do that?
You seem a little… somewhere else. Anything I can do?
Don't have to.
I know how you feel. It's like, Giles is part of this council. For years all they did was give me orders.
Sure. (beat, then:) I mean, the ones I was gonna do anyway. The point is, I quit the Council. And it scared me, but now it's okay.
It's a choice. You can go back, maybe make some changes from the inside, or, quit the team and keep fighting demons your own way.
Time to find out.
A good man.
Checking for any brain-washy chips in your head.
Not sure. Might have to keep looking.
You have been strong long enough, Riley Finn. And now I'm going to help you, and we will find this demon, and kill it together, and in the meantime, you will stop torturing yourself.
(nods) It's an order.
Okay - but what's he charging up for?
If she did, they're in The Initiative.
… A really great idea. You sure you want to be double-agent guy?
Hello? Speaking. What's the emergency?
I'll let you know.
Faith. She's awake. (stunned, then) Beat someone up, took her clothes and disappeared out of the hospital. No one knows where she is.
Faith's not exactly low-profile- girl. I'll patrol, let her make a move…
Good on paper, but Giles has a point. Let's say I talk to Faith…
After I beat the crap out of her…
…we still have to make a decision. Do I turn her over to the cops? They couldn't handle a Slayer even if they knew we existed.
There's no way around it. Faith is back, and like it or not, she's my responsibility.
First thing? We have no idea where Faith is right now. What she's thinking, what she's feeling…
She could be terrified. Maybe she doesn't even remember. What if she does and she's sorry, hiding alone somewhere?
Don't think I'd rule it out. But first we gotta find her. Then we'll take it from there.
The truth. She's my wacky identical cousin from England, and every time she visits, hijinks ensue.
I told him the story. Vagued up some details, but no flat-out lying.
Did some editing. Not that I'm trying to hide anything from Riley, it's just - that's a longer conversation, and I had a Faith- Hunt to do.
Couldn't find her. Don't know where I'd place that in the luck continuum.
Pressure's definitely high. If I were her, I'd get out of Dodge post-hasty.
I've been looking for you.
Are you all right?
So much for the pleasantries, huh?
You would have done the same to me if you'd had the chance.
It doesn't have to be like this you know.
Not here. Not now. These are innocent people.
I guess it was too much to hope you'd used your down time to reflect and grow.
You had it coming?
To me? Mostly that you still mouth off about things you don't understand.
Not yet, but you always make that innocent face just before you start.
You can't.
That's one.
Riley, the fact that you just called Faith a "gal" only proves you never met her.
It's a long story.
I told you. She hurt me, and some people I care about and did I mention the psycho-killer part?
I have to go. She's out there.
It's not a joke, Riley. There's a criminally insane woman out there with, oh, did I mention - <i>super powers</i> - who thinks I'm responsible for ruining her life.
I know Faith. She'll come after me, and she'll come after the people I love.
Hi, Mom.
You're not his type. He's not big on sleaze.
Going for the boyfriend again? That's tired…
Ever occurred to you that the reason we all forgot you, Faith, is 'cause we <u>wanted</u> to?
I mean - let's face it - you're a royal pain in the ass.
All things considered?
Weapon of some kind. Didn't work, whatever it was.
She's their problem now.
Five-by-five.