BUFFY: Smell good, don't they?
FAITH: What?
BUFFY: Clean sheets. Like summer.
FAITH: I wouldn't know.
BUFFY: Right. I forgot.
FAITH: I noticed.
BUFFY: I wish I could stay, but-
FAITH: You have to go.
BUFFY: It's just, with…
FAITH: Little sis coming. I know.
FAITH: So much to do before she gets here.
BUFFY: (glancing at clock) Now I really have to go.
FAITH: So go. Don't let me keep-
FAITH: Damn. Just when we made it so nice.
FAITH: (sighs) Are you ever gonna take this thing out?
BUFFY: So, you can repair it?
XANDER: Sure. Just as soon as I get my master's  degree in advanced starship technology.
WILLOW: Well, why don't we experiment, then? You  know, press some buttons, see what happens.
GILES: I'd like to veto that.
XANDER: (nods) Second. It's called a "Blaster," Will. The word  that tends to discourage experimentation. Now if it was called "The Orgasminator," I'd be first to  try your basic button-press approach.
BUFFY: (a little testy) Just tell me - can you fix it or not?
XANDER: Working on it, working on it… (mutters) But if I blow a hole into Mom's azalea patch,  the neighbors will not be pleased.
GILES: Buffy, are you sure you're all right? You've been  patrolling around the clock three days straight, perhaps you need…
BUFFY: What? Some rest? I can't, Giles. There's a  demonoid killing machine out loose, and it doesn't  only work the night shift.
GILES: I was going to say you might need back-up, but  now that you mention it, gathering strength is a  good idea.
BUFFY: Just get the blaster working. That's all the strength  I need.
WILLOW: Are you sure?
BUFFY: Why, because ray guns aren't in the Slayer Handbook?  You haven't seen this Adam thing, Will. He's the Terminator without the bashful charm. He's fast,  he's deadly, and the last time we met - he kicked my ass.
WILLOW: Oh. No, blast away, by all means, I only meant… (small) No word about Riley?
BUFFY: They keep telling me he's fine, and that's all  they'll say.
WILLOW: Maybe they're telling the truth.
BUFFY: Maybe, but I don't even know what  The Initiative version of "fine" is. They  could be forcing him back onto medication,  or torturing him for all I know.
GILES: I know it's hard, but from all we've seen,  I doubt they'd be trying to hurt him.
BUFFY: The only thing I know for certain is,  my boyfriend's locked away and  I'm not helping.
XANDER: YOW!
WILLOW: Maybe Giles has a point. Riley is kind of  their top gun guy. It doesn't make sense  that they'd hurt him.
BUFFY: But the Initiative has a whole branch of  brain-washy, behavior modification guys.
WILLOW: So?
BUFFY: So… what happens when they start not liking Riley's behavior?
RILEY: Stand down, soldier.
RILEY: Stand down before I put you down.
FORREST: You heard the man. At ease.
FORREST: The shish-kebob that walks like a man.  Looks like you're doing better -- walking  around and threatening people and all that.
RILEY: Man was in my way. I got places to be.
FORREST: Really? Where were you thinking of going?
RILEY: You know where I'm going.
FORREST: Don't even tell me you're headed for that girlfriend of yours. Look at  you! One good conjugal visit and  you'll be back in intensive care to stay.
RILEY: You wouldn't understand.
FORREST: How about you explain it to me, then?
GRAHAM: We all friends here, fellas?
FORREST: Absolutely. Riley here's just about to  explain why he's leaving us so very quickly.
RILEY: I don't explain, because I don't have to.  I'm the one in charge.
FORREST: (ice cold) Things change.
RILEY: (same temperament) Do they?
FORREST: Hey. In case you failed to notice, we  are in a world of hurt around here, and  now is the time for us to band together,  not go flying off our separate ways.
GRAHAM: Forrest has a point, Rye.
FORREST: We have a problem, we will deal with  that problem, and you know the most  important thing of the equation right  now is - we keep said problem within  the family.
RILEY: Family. Is that what we are?
RILEY: Step aside.
WILKINS: Nonsense. There's not a cloud in the sky. Now eat your sandwich.
FAITH: I don't know, it just seems like it  always starts raining right about now.
WILKINS: You're too young and too pretty  a girl to start wearing worry lines  on your face. Oop…
WILKINS: There now, little fella. I don't know where you belong, but it's sure not here with us. There you go. (to Faith) You see? There's nothing that can spoil our time together.
WILKINS: Now who wants cheese cake?
FAITH: NO!!!
BUFFY: <b>I told you I had things to do.</b>
WILLOW: Spread out?
BUFFY: (nods) Not too far.
XANDER: So not a problem.
BUFFY: I've never seen anything like it.
XANDER: And I could go a long healthy stretch  without seeing anything like it again.
WILLOW: It had to be Adam who killed that thing. But why?
BUFFY: He's studying biology. Humans,  demons, whatever he can get his  hands on and tear apart.
WILLOW: Learning what makes things work.
XANDER: I really don't want to be around  for the final exam.
BUFFY: It's not coming to that. The Initiative  made this monster, now they can't stop it.  But we will.
XANDER: Question: will hiding in a cabin with  stockpiled chocolate goods be any part  of this plan?
BUFFY: No.
XANDER: (to Willow) Told you.
WILLOW: What's first?
BUFFY: Riley. I gotta get him out of there. I am  not leaving him down there with the  people who made this thing. I don't care  how many guns they have. We're going in.
BUFFY: Willow. I need you to hack into the  security mainframe and buy me a  ten-minute shutdown of all operational systems.
WILLOW: That could be…
BUFFY: (interrupting) Tricky, but not impossible. If you can't do it online, use magic. Just get it done. Xander. Any gear you've been saving for a rainy day - you give to me.
XANDER: You want the stealthy-stuff?
BUFFY: (shakes her head) We tried sneaking in, this time it's force. Explosives, tear gas, grappling hooks. I'll go in through the elevator shaft, use the cables for tow line. Blast open the main facility doors and find the infirmary.
BUFFY: By now their reserve generator's kicked in so I take out the main guard fast and…
RILEY: Am I really worth all that?
BUFFY: RILEY!!!
BUFFY: Oh my God, did I hurt you?
RILEY: No, a giant skewer through the ribcage hurt me. That was just a reminder.
BUFFY: How'd you get out?
RILEY: I walked.
WILLOW: They didn't try to stop you?
RILEY: They did. Repeatedly. But then I told them they couldn't keep me without a major ass-kicking one way or another… and here I am.
XANDER: That's great, Riley. And you know, there's no polite way to ask you this, but - did they put a chip in your brain?
RILEY: Beg pardon?
BUFFY: Forget it, we're just happy to have you back.
WILLOW: We were all pretty worried about you for awhile there, Mister.
RILEY: Me, too. I know my behavior was pretty out there…
WILLOW: Forget it. Tell you what. You two crazy kids take down an unstoppable killer cyborg-demon hybrid thingie, and… we'll call it all even.
RILEY: Taking Adam down is gonna be tough. No way to predict what he'll throw at us.
BUFFY: You're here. Whatever comes we can handle it.
FAITH: Ow.
VOICE: Excuse me.
VISITOR: You know how to get to third floor west from here?
FAITH: I'm… What?
VISITOR: I see. Um… you need some help  or something?
FAITH: Graduation.
VISITOR: What?
FAITH: Graduation. I gotta get to the… Sunnydale High School graduation - now.
VISITOR: You can't. I mean, Sunnydale High school isn't even there anymore.
FAITH: What day is it?
VISITOR: Tuesday.
FAITH: What date. The date.
VISITOR: February eighth.
FAITH: What year?
VISITOR: Maybe I should get you a nurse.
FAITH: What happened to the school?
VISITOR: You sure you don't want a…
FAITH: Just - tell me.
VISITOR: Well… it was a tragedy, really. Lots of students died. The Principal, the Mayor…
VISITOR: …it's a tragedy, really. They never did find out for sure what started the fire. I really think maybe I should get you some help.
RILEY: Me, neither. All I had in there was this one little part of you.
BUFFY: It's just the scarf part of me, really.
RILEY: I'm serious. Knowing you were out there, that you cared… (then, abruptly) You think we're being watched?
BUFFY: Um… I don't know. Does The Initiative do that?
RILEY: Maybe.
BUFFY: You seem a little… somewhere else. Anything I can do?
RILEY: Give me an order. That's what I do, isn't it? Follow orders?
BUFFY: Don't have to.
RILEY: Don't I? All my life, that's what I've been groomed to do. They say jump, I ask how high, and I get the job done. But I don't know if it's the right job anymore.
BUFFY: I know how you feel. It's like, Giles is part of this council. For years all they did was give me orders.
RILEY: Ever obey them?
BUFFY: Sure. (beat, then:) I mean, the ones I was gonna do anyway. The point is, I quit the Council. And it scared me, but now it's okay.
RILEY: See, we're different that way. I just suck at the whole gray area thing.
BUFFY: It's a choice. You can go back, maybe make some changes from the inside, or, quit the team and keep fighting demons your own way.
RILEY: You make it sound so simple. I don't even know what my way is.
BUFFY: Time to find out.
RILEY: I'm a soldier. You take that away, what's left?
BUFFY: A good man.
RILEY: (smiling) What are you doing?
BUFFY: Checking for any brain-washy chips in your head.
RILEY: Find any?
BUFFY: Not sure. Might have to keep looking.
BUFFY: You have been strong long enough, Riley Finn. And now I'm going to help you, and we will find this demon, and kill it together, and in the meantime, you will stop torturing yourself.
RILEY: You sure about that?
BUFFY: (nods) It's an order.
DOCTOR: What do you mean, "She's just not there?"
NURSE: I - I don't know! I came to check the monitors like I always do at five o'clock. Five o'clock is my shift - I got here on time and…
CLARK: You found the bed in this condition?
NURSE: Haven't touched a thing.
DOCTOR: Get the duty rosters, check the logs, I want to know exactly what happened. Coma patients do not just get up and walk away.
NURSE: We're checking every room on every floor now. She could still turn up somewhere.
CLARK: Walk me through this one more time. You knew this woman was wanted for questioning in a series of murders - and there was no security on this wing?
DOCTOR: You don't understand. There was no way that girl was going to wake up.
ORDERLY: Doctor!
DOCTOR: (continuing, to Clark) This can't be happening.
NURSE: Did you find her?
ORDERLY: (shakes his head) Another woman. Unconscious and badly beaten. And she's been stripped.
NURSE: We couldn't have known - how could we have… ?
NURSE: (into phone) It's happened. Send the team.
GILES: The puzzle, it seems to me, is why Adam would stay dormant the past few days.
WILLOW: When he's not making performance art out of other demons, that is.
RILEY: He's probably working off an autonomic power-source, and because he's straight out of the box, needs to charge up awhile.
BUFFY: Okay - but what's he charging up for?
XANDER: Based on the clues? I'll go with "killing spree."
RILEY: And that's a best-case scenario. I suppose a little firepower wouldn't hurt right now. Here.
XANDER: How'd you do that? How'd he do that? (grabs Blaster) Is there like an "On/Off" button somewhere in here?
RILEY: Blasters are easy. Adam won't be.
WILLOW: Since Professor Walsh designed him - is there any chance she left instructions lying around?
BUFFY: If she did, they're in The Initiative.
GILES: Which we can't get into without mounting a major offensive.
RILEY: (grins) Speak for yourself.
RILEY: I'm just saying…
GILES: Having a man on the inside working for us could be…
BUFFY: … A really great idea. You sure you want to be double-agent guy?
RILEY: I'm not exactly sure what you'd call me. But I will share information. Least I can do.
XANDER: Riley's right. It is the least he can do.
GILES: Hello? Yes. (puzzled, to Buffy) It's for you.
BUFFY: Hello? Speaking. What's the emergency?
BUFFY: I'll let you know.
GILES: What is it?
BUFFY: Faith. She's awake. (stunned, then) Beat someone up, took her clothes and disappeared out of the hospital. No one knows where she is.
XANDER: I'd say this qualifies for a worst- timing ever award.
WILLOW: What do we do?
GILES: (to Buffy) You must find her immediately.
WILLOW: But what about Adam?
XANDER: Yeah - I'd hate to see the pursuit of a homicidal lunatic get in the way of pursuing a homicidal lunatic.
BUFFY: Faith's not exactly low-profile- girl. I'll patrol, let her make a move…
GILES: …And then what?
WILLOW: Ooh! I have an idea. Beat the crap out of her!
XANDER: Good plan.
BUFFY: Good on paper, but Giles has a point. Let's say I talk to Faith…
BUFFY: After I beat the crap out of her…
BUFFY: …we still have to make a decision. Do I turn her over to the cops? They couldn't handle a Slayer even if they knew we existed.
WILLOW: What about the Council?
XANDER: Been there, tried that. Not unlike smothering a forest fire with napalm, as I recall.
GILES: The Initiative? They do have containment facilities.
XANDER: One word? Evil. (to Riley) No offense.
BUFFY: There's no way around it. Faith is back, and like it or not, she's my responsibility.
WILLOW: Yeah, too bad. (sighs) That was the funnest coma ever.
BUFFY: First thing? We have no idea where Faith is right now. What she's thinking, what she's feeling…
XANDER: …Who she's doing…
BUFFY: She could be terrified. Maybe she doesn't even remember. What if she does and she's sorry, hiding alone somewhere?
GILES: Perhaps there's some form of rehabilitation we just haven't though of yet.
WILLOW: And if not, ass-kicking makes a solid plan B.
BUFFY: Don't think I'd rule it out. But first we gotta find her. Then we'll take it from there.
RILEY: Who's Faith?
WILLOW: What'd you tell him?
BUFFY: The truth. She's my wacky identical cousin from England, and every time she visits, hijinks ensue.
WILLOW: It's good you guys have such an honest relationship.
BUFFY: I told him the story. Vagued up some details, but no flat-out lying.
WILLOW: That's fair. How'd you handle the Angel-y parts?
BUFFY: Did some editing. Not that I'm trying to hide anything from Riley, it's just - that's a longer conversation, and I had a Faith- Hunt to do.
WILLOW: Any luck?
BUFFY: Couldn't find her. Don't know where I'd place that in the luck continuum.
WILLOW: At least you're not alone on this. Right now I'll bet every cop in Sunnydale's looking for her.
BUFFY: Pressure's definitely high. If I were her, I'd get out of Dodge post-hasty.
FAITH: You're not me.
FAITH: So. Check you out, B. (she does) Nice. The "big girl on campus" thing's really working for you.
BUFFY: I've been looking for you.
FAITH: I've been standing still for eight months, B. How hard you look?
BUFFY: Are you all right?
FAITH: Five by five. That's the thing about a coma, you come out all rested and rejuvenated…
FAITH: And ready for pay back.
BUFFY: So much for the pleasantries, huh?
FAITH: What'd you think? I'd wake up and we'd go for tea? You tried to gut me, blondie.
BUFFY: You would have done the same to me if you'd had the chance.
FAITH: So let's give it another go. See who lands on top.
BUFFY: It doesn't have to be like this you know.
FAITH: Actually - I think it has to be <u>exactly</u> like this.
BUFFY: Not here. Not now. These are innocent people.
FAITH: No such animal.
BUFFY: I guess it was too much to hope you'd used your down time to reflect and grow.
FAITH: Could say the same about you. You're still the same old better- than-thou Buffy. I knew it somehow. I kept having this dream -- not sure what it means, but…
FAITH: …in the dream this self- righteous blond chick stabs me. And you know why?
BUFFY: You had it coming?
FAITH: That's one interpretation. But in my dream, she does it for a guy! If it weren't so corny, it'd be beautiful. True love conquers all, and that. But then…
FAITH: (to Willow) Try it, Red, you lose an arm.
FAITH: … I wake up to find out this blonde chick isn't even <i>dating</i> the guy she was so nuts about before. She's moved on - to the first college beefstick she meets. Not only has she forgotten the "love of her life," she's forgotten all about the chick she nearly killed for him… (then) So, that's my dream. Well, that and some stuff about cigars and a tunnel. Tell me, College girl…
FAITH: …What does it mean?
BUFFY: To me? Mostly that you still mouth off about things you don't understand.
FAITH: You took my life, B. Payback's a bitch.
WILLOW: Look who's talking.
FAITH: See ya 'round.
WILLOW: Thanks again for coming with. Hunting a sociopath super-bitch is definitely in the "above and beyond" department.
TARA: It's okay. Really. So, um, what do we do if we find her?
WILLOW: Run. Flee. Maybe skedaddle. We're not here to engage. This is strictly recon.
WILLOW: What?
TARA: You said "recon." You're like, cool monster fighter.
WILLOW: Well, technically, Faith's not a monster, and as for fighting? I'd be lucky if I bruise her fist with my face.
TARA: Oh.
WILLOW: What?
TARA: Face punching… I'm not good with the whole… (punches air)
WILLOW: Swimming?
TARA: Violence.
WILLOW: Don't worry - we're sure to spot her first. Faith's like some big cleavage-y slutbomb walking around all… (Faith imitation) "Check me out, I'm wicked cool, I'm five-by-five."
TARA: "Five-by-five?" Five-by-five what?
WILLOW: That's the thing - no one knows. Buffy can handle Faith. And you're plenty safe with me.
TARA: So… we "recon" 'til nightfall?
WILLOW: (nods) Then the ritual hiding begins.
XANDER: …the point being, I could be the target here. Faith finds Mr. Xander Harris still in town - odds are she goes tighter than cat gut. Lot of pent-up feelings there. I'm only saying.
GILES: (barely listening) Yes, I'm sure.
XANDER: I can't be held responsible for the effect I have on women.
GILES: No, of course not.
XANDER: See, Faith and I have a little thing between us called "history."
XANDER: Spike.
GILES: What are you doing here?
SPIKE: Me? Hey, I'm not the one out of place here.
XANDER: For your information, smarty, we've got a rogue slayer on our hands. Real psycho-killer, too.
SPIKE: Sounds serious.
GILES: It is. What do you know?
SPIKE: What do you need?
XANDER: Her. Dark hair, this tall, name of Faith, criminally insane…
GILES: Have you seen her?
SPIKE: This bird after you?
XANDER: In a bad way, yeah.
SPIKE: Tell you what I'll do, then. Head out, find this girl, tell her exactly where all of you are, and then watch as she kills you.
SPIKE: Can't anyone in your damned little Scoobie Club at least try to remember that I HATE YOU ALL?!?
SPIKE: And just because I can't do the damage myself doesn't stop me from aiming a loose cannon your way. (beat) And here I thought my evening'd be dull.
XANDER: Go ahead - you wouldn't even recognize her.
SPIKE: Dark hair, this tall, name of Faith, criminally insane - I like this girl already.
XANDER: We're dumb.
DEMON: Faith.
DEMON: A friend sent me.
DEMON: I got a little remembrance from…
WILKINS: I'm dead. And our noble campaign to bring order to the town of Sunnydale has failed, utterly and completely.
WILKINS: On the other hand - heck, maybe we won! And right now I'm on some jumbo monitor in the Richard Wilkins museum, surrounded by a bunch of kids sitting "Indian style" and looking up at my face, filled with fear and wonder. Hi, kids!
WILKINS: But the realist in me tends to  doubt it. Now Faith. As I record this message, you're… sleeping. And the doctors tell me you might never wake up. I don't believe that. Sooner or later, you'll  find the world has gone and changed on you. I wish I could make the world a better place for you to wake up in. But tough as it is to accept, we both have to understand that even my power to protect and watch over you has its limits.
WILKINS: The hard pill to swallow here is: once I'm gone, your days are just plain numbered. Now, I know you're a smart and capable young woman in charge of her own life but the problem, Faith, is that there won't be a place in the world for you anymore. Right now, I bet you're feeling very much alone. But you're never alone. You'll always have me. And, you'll always have this.
WILKINS: Go ahead, look in the envelope.
WILKINS: Don't worry, it won't bite. (laughs) That's my job.
WILKINS: Open it.
WILKINS: Surprise! You don't get these in any gumball machine. See, when you've been around as long as I have, you make friends, and some of them forge neat little gizmos like the one you're holding now. And here's the good news: Just because it's over for you, doesn't mean you can't go out with a bang.
RILEY: Okay, I get it. Really. "Faith bad." Do I look like I'm arguing?
BUFFY: Not yet, but you always make that innocent face just before you start.
RILEY: Figured that out, huh?
RILEY: Damn, took Mom twelve years to catch that one. All I'm saying is, if you're in trouble, I want to help.
BUFFY: You can't.
RILEY: Give me one reason why.
RILEY: Aah!
BUFFY: That's one.
RILEY: Okay, I'm not exactly action guy. But there's got to be something I can do besides sitting around waiting for you to pummel this gal.
BUFFY: Riley, the fact that you just called Faith a "gal" only proves you never met her.
RILEY: I've never seen anybody get under your skin this way before. What did she do to you, exactly?
BUFFY: It's a long story.
RILEY: I'm from Iowa, we drive four hours for a high school football game. Try me.
BUFFY: I told you. She hurt me, and some people I care about and did I mention the psycho-killer part?
RILEY: There's something you're not telling me.
BUFFY: I have to go. She's out there.
RILEY: All right, I'm just saying, I think you're holding out on me.
BUFFY: It's not a joke, Riley. There's a criminally insane woman out there with, oh, did I mention - <i>super powers</i> - who thinks I'm responsible for ruining her life.
BUFFY: I know Faith. She'll come after me, and she'll come after the people I love.
FAITH: Hi, Joyce.
FAITH: Mind if I come in?
FAITH: "Ruby Sunset…" (tosses it) "Burgundy Skyline…" (tosses it) "Harlot." Huh. Way to go, Joyce.
FAITH: Now, normally? I wouldn't be going with a color this dark, but I read in some magazine, eight months in a coma will damage a girl's natural skin tone.
FAITH: Good thing pale is in this year.
FAITH: Or was it last year? (shakes it off) Anyway, for real now. I want to ask you something, and you gotta promise you'll be honest and not spare my feelings just because I could kill you. Promise?
JOYCE: I promise.
FAITH: Okay: How do I look?
JOYCE: Psychotic.
FAITH: I was shooting for "sultry," but hey. Bet I know what you're thinking.
JOYCE: Really.
FAITH: You're thinking… (bad drama) "You'll never get away with this." Warm?
JOYCE: Actually, I was thinking, "My daughter will kill you soon."
FAITH: Is that a fact?
JOYCE: More like a bet.
FAITH: Whoa, you got a pair on you, Joyce. I like seeing that in a woman your age. (then) Guess you can afford to talk that way. In the "World According to Joyce," Buffy's gonna come crashing through that door any minute.
FAITH: But look what I found.
FAITH: "Buffy Summers, Buffy Summers, Buffy…" Lot of letters. She hasn't been by in a while, huh? (off Joyce's silence) And you'd think with a crazy chick like me on the loose, a crazy chick with a wicked grudge against her, no less, she'd call and give you a heads up.
FAITH: But Buffy's too into her own deal to remember dear ol' mom.
JOYCE: You don't know the first thing about Buffy. Or me.
FAITH: Don't I? I know what it's like. You think you matter - you think you're part of something, and you get dumped. It's like the whole world is moving - but you're stuck. Like those animals in the tar pits? You're sinking a little deeper every day, and nobody even sees…
JOYCE: Were you planning to slit my throat anytime soon?
FAITH: Don't tell me you don't see it, Joyce. You've served your purpose. Squirted out the kid, raised her up and now you might as well be dead. Nobody cares. Nobody remembers. Especially Buffy, the fabulous super hero. Sooner or later you'll have to face it - she was over us a long time ago. Too busy climbing onto her new boytoy to give a single thought to the people that matter. (getting furious) You're her <u>mother</u> and she just leaves you here to <u>die</u>.
BUFFY: Hi, Mom.
JOYCE: Hi, Honey.
COLLINS: Hello, Rupert.
FAITH: Thought I'd go after the clean marine, didn't you? He's a cutie. Looks like he could use a good roll in the sack…
BUFFY: You're not his type. He's not big on sleaze.
FAITH: He's probably just never tried it.
BUFFY: Going for the boyfriend again? That's tired…
FAITH: Just something to remember me by once I've moved on.
BUFFY: Ever occurred to you that the reason we all forgot you, Faith, is 'cause we <u>wanted</u> to?
BUFFY: I mean - let's face it - you're a royal pain in the ass.
FAITH: (whispers, to herself) Cops…
JOYCE: You okay?
BUFFY: All things considered?
JOYCE: What is that?
BUFFY: Weapon of some kind. Didn't work, whatever it was.
JOYCE: Police…
BUFFY: She's their problem now.
JOYCE: You sure you're all right?
BUFFY: Five-by-five.