Yes. So it seems. I mean - you did. Good show. (then) I was dropping by so if you needed assistance - but you appear to have things quite under control.
Yes, she was... dedicated, wasn't she?
Oh?
(perks up) Loch Ness monster? Really?
Fascinating. It sounds like paranormal phenomena.
Exactly. Despite the Xander-speak, that's an accurate definition of a poltergeist.
Well... A poltergeist is extremely disruptive - and what you described certainly fits the bill.
It doesn't know exactly what it wants. That's the problem. Many times the spirit is plagued by all manner of worldly troubles. But, being dead, it has no way to make it's peace. So it lashes out. Growing ever more confused, ever more angry...
The only tried and true way is to figure out what unresolved issues keep the spirit here - and resolve them.
Only if we can find out who this spirit is. Or... was.
(hopeful) Jenny?
(aghast) What's going on? You just shot a woman...
It was just like with this couple you encountered the other night, Buffy. The janitor remembered everything. He knew he's killed this poor woman - but he had no idea why. They had no intimate relationship.
No. The police, everybody... We looked all over. (then) I think it's very clear. What's happening.
It's Jenny.
Don't you see? She died here under tragic conditions. Now she's trapped.
The gun is insignificant. It's the violence of the thing that matters.
Yes. Well. I appreciate your thoughts on the matter. In fact, I encourage you to always challenge me when you feel it's appropriate. You must never be cowed by authority. (quickly) Except, of course, in this instance when I am clearly right and you are clearly wrong.
Good lord, Willow! What are you doing here? You're not supposed to be inside.
Yes, well. I'm trying to -- I think I'm close to contacting Jenny. (re: her scapula) What's that smell?
Ahh. Did you use sulphur?
Clever. Well, hurry along. There may be some paranormal phenomena if I make contact -- you don't want to get in the line of fire.
Hold on!
What?
I know. I- (then) It's not her, is it?
Run!
Right then... We've definitely established, based on all the parallels and Buffy's visions, that it's James' spirit-
Well - he's obviously reliving the night of the Sadie Hawkins dance, when he killed Miss Newman. It's common for a spirit to do this - to keep recreating a tragedy.
(ignoring him) He's trying to resolve the issues that keep him in limbo. What those are, I'm not entirely-
Yes. I imagine he does. But when James possesses people they act out exactly what happened that night, so instead he's experiencing a form of purgatory. He's doomed to kill his Miss Newman over and over again - and forgiveness is impossible.
To forgive is an act of compassion, Buffy. It's not done because people deserve it. It's done because they need it.
Not now. The spirit is too angry. Too powerful... We need to figure out exactly now, and if, this thing can be defeated...
No. I believe she's under the spirit's thrall. He's calling her-
James needs her to reenact everything that happened the night he killed Miss Newman. He wants to change things. Make a happy ending.
Yes. But remember - the school is deserted. There's no male inside for James to possess. No way for him to play his part.
Are you feeling better?
Well, now they can both rest.
Does it matter?