Nothing you want to hear. The ritual is...
There's nothing new to --
The Key was living energy. It needed  to be channeled, poured into a specific  spot at a specific time. With all attendant  ritual, of course. The energy would flow  into that spot, the walls between the  dimensions break down. It stops -- the  energy is used up -and the walls come back  up. Glory uses that time to get back to her  dimension, not caring that all manner of hell  will be unleashed on Earth in the meantime.
"The blood flows, the gates will open.  The gates will close when it flows no  more." When Dawn is dead.
If my calculations are right, but Buffy --
I understand that --
(standing) Yes we bloody well are!
(quietly) She's not your sister.
Buffy, if the ritual starts, every living  creature in this and every other dimension  imaginable will suffer unbearable torment  and Death. Including Dawn.
You'll fail. You'll die. We all will.
Shut up.
It's ' doubtful he'll surface again this  close to the ritual. We have to expect  it's Glory we're dealing with.
Yes, Anya, apart from your incredibly  uninfectious enthusiasm, have you  anything to contribute? Any ideas on  how to fight a god? Love to hear 'em.
Sorry?
Anya, that's all very -- did you just think of all that just now?
Well. We have some ideas. And a  little time to come up with some more.  Could give Glory a decent run, but ...
You sure you're not going to  tire yourself out?
We're still working on ideas. Time's  short, but it's best to wait 'til the last  minute. If we go in too early and  she takes us out, no chance of getting  her to miss her window.
I imagine you hate me right now.
I love Dawn.
But I have sworn to protect this sorry  world, and sometimes that means  saying and doing... what other people  can't. What they shouldn't have to.
I know.
Well, six, at least. Seems like a hundred. 
Yes.
I think you're wrong about that.
No luck finding the sphere?
Well, time's a factor...
Buffy...
Well, then you're going to need --
Yes. If you hurry.
Yes. It's time.
(sardonic agreement) "We few..."
The portal must open up there.
Need anything?
If Buffy can keep Glory down long  enough, it won't matter. There's only  a few minutes left to start the ritual.
We haven't gotten up to Dawn, but neither has anyone else.
Who? What?
Can you move?
No she couldn't. Never. And sooner  or later, Glory will re-emerge and make  Buffy pay for that mercy, and the world  with her. Buffy even knows that, and  still she wouldn't take a human life.  Because she's a hero, you see.  She's not like us.