He's right.
You wouldn't want to do anything dangerous. (looking at the book) Turn the wrong person into a badger...
Evidently.
First I thought you and I could catch up.
That's all right. I think I can see what you've been up to.
Hmm. I thought perhaps you needed that space for the really dangerous items that should be kept out of the public's hands. Or maybe you don't worry about that.
Giles... I'm sorry. This is just for the duration of our stay, but I think you see why...
I'm sorry. But it is just for the duration of the Council's review.
You, miss, you work here?
You sell these... items? To whomever wishes to buy them?
You used to respect us, Giles.  Used to be one of us.
Touche. But you were on the inside once, and you know what kind of resources we command. We have discovered information about this creature... your "Glory." Some of it is clearly vital. The rest of it is merely extremely disturbing. And none of it will be handed over until we know that you and your Slayer are prepared for it. Thus the review.
It's not a test. It's a check of her methods. We need to know that this information is safe.
Miss Summers!
Good to see you again.
Giles was just telling us about your training regimen. Perhaps you'll favor us with a demonstration while we're here.
Well, I wouldn't worry about doing anything for us tonight. No need to rush you.
We've already laid out our project for Mr. Giles. Nigel...
Yes. We understand you're still taking civilians along on your patrols-
Miss Summers- Buffy, I can sense your resistance. I don't blame you, but I think your watcher hasn't reminded you lately of the relative status of the players in our little game. The Council fights evil. The Slayer is the instrument with which we fight. The Council remains. The Slayers... change. It's been that way from the beginning.
Giles, let me talk to Buffy. Because I think she's understanding me. (to Buffy) Glory is stronger than you. She's a more powerful instrument, if you will. But we can help you. We have information that will help. Pass the review and we give it to you without reservation. Fail the review, either through incompetence or by resisting our recommendations-
How much do you want our help?
Calm down. Calm down. I understand that you feel this is unfair.
But there are factors which should motivate you to go along with the review. I don't want to do this, but obviously, we could shut this place down permanently.
Of course we do. And a great deal more. In face, if you insist on fighting us - we'll arrange to have Mr. Giles deported within the day. Never set foot in this country again.
Perhaps you're used to idle threats and sloppy discipline, Ms. Summers, but you're dealing with grown ups now. (then) Am I making myself clear?
The Slayer must posses these qualities to do her job.
Phillip will attack the dummy. The Slayer's job is to protect it. Do you understand?
As if it were precious.
Getting the best of Phillip will require agility. Listening to my instructions at the same time... that will demonstrate clarity. Stamina and strength will win the long fight. Good luck.
I'll be telling you what to do. How to counter Phillip's moves. We assume you're familiar with the Japanese names for Akido and Jujitsu moves.
Shomen-ni-rei.
Shomen-zuki!
Ushiro-geri! Empi-uchi!
(to Giles) How have you been training her?
Well.
That's all right. I don't think we need to see any more physical tests for a while. We can move on to the real review. Look into your strategies and plans, figure out what's going on in that head.
We start at seven tonight. Give you time to... well, however you prepare.
Your Slayer is twenty minutes late and counting, Rupert.
When?
You're late.
Well. We can begin the review at last. We'll skip over the more obvious--
Sorry?
Your terms are acceptable.
Rupert, when we inventoried your shop, we found a bottle of single malt scotch hidden behind the incense holders.
I think I could use a glass.
There's a lot to go through...
Well, that's the thing. Glory isn't a demon.
She's a god.