Because you are the Chosen One.
I'm afraid that's simply not an option. You have responsibilities that other girls do not, and -
(witheringly) It's like you know me.
(trapped) You're twisting my words.
Fine. Go.
I think I'll go introduce my shoulder  to an ice pack.
Trouble with Mr. Munson again?
We'll consider that idea, the moment  we've ruled out evil curses.
Where was this seal?
(studies the fragment) Look at this. A series of  pictograms…
Let's not fret the details. Let's just go. Xander, bring the fragment.
Yes. Yes, they were.
I'm afraid my volumes are useless. This particular mummy was from the  Sebancaya region of eastern Peru. Very remote. If there's an answer, it's locked-
It could take me weeks to translate these pictograms. Well, we'll start tonight with -
I was going to suggest hunting.
How do you do? I was wondering if you could translate this for me.
It's an artifact. From your region.  It's from the tomb of an Incan mummy. We're trying to translate it. A project  for our…
Is there anything you recognize here? (pointing) This figure with the knife, for instance.
(nodding) Bodyguard. Interesting.
Yes, well. That should be a good  starting point for our… club.
Okay, then. I'll continue with the translating. Buffy, you research  this 'Bodyguard.' And… Willow?
Aha. Yes. Good work?
Yes. This makes it clear: Rodney's  killer is the mummy.
Here. It explains that mummies kill by feeding off the life force of a  person. Effectively freeze-drying  them, you might say.
(re: Seal fragment) That answer is still locked somewhere in here. Or in the rest of the seal.
Apparently, this seal fragment is  even more popular than we realized. I'm just not sure what we should do  with it.
I'm afraid someone already has.
He probably needs this to put with  the other pieces-
Precisely. We'll go to the museum and  use this fragment as bait to lure in the Bodyguard.
We can meet there tonight after the museum is closed.
I'm afraid he's already been found.  In a school restroom. Mummified.
Because he wasn't the mummy's  bodyguard.
More like a prison guard.
Maybe we should get her to take  another look.
Yes, I guess she was.
What about them?
These are definitely boys clothes. Why would a girl pack these?
Unless she gets a continual supply of victims, Ampata will return forever to her frozen mummy state.
And she's going to need to meet another one soon.
And then she wanted us to destroy it, because--- (realizing) Wait.
We already know that the seal was  used to contain the mummy.
--reassembling it will trap her.
Be careful.
'Inca cosmology unites the bird-head with its paler twin.' (studying the seal) Ah, yes… the paler twin.
'The Condor soars… But the prey  is in his talons.' That's it!
'The spondylus shell evokes Mamacocha,  mother of all the water.'