I'm alive. I can tell 'cause of the pain.
I'm not that bendy. I can lean.
Oh yeah. This leaning, this is the stuff.
Buffy--
Buffy. Stand me up.
The problem is not you. Don't do this to yourself. Please.
There will be. I promise. He's out there. He could come along any minute.
What? I don't think you're like that.
Or maybe you could just be Buffy and he'll see your amazing heart and fall in love with you.
<u>This</u> is the day you pick to hug me.
Buffy...
You ever think, maybe the reason you haven't found a great relationship on the Hellmouth is because <u>it's a Hellmouth</u>? Seems to me this is a pretty terrible place to try to build anything.
How you doin'? Having o' the fun?
I think I liked it more when you were kicking me in the my puffy groin.
They aren't hand-woven, you know.
Well, it's, um, a machine, and it... it sort of... it presses...
(distracted by April) ...there may be a mold of some sort... who's that?
Some of us like that kind of thing in a girl.
Huh? No. I'm right with you. Don't know what you're talking about. (nervous) Here she comes.
Um... Warren who?
Somehow I don't think a girl who looks like that is gonna be lonely for too long.
Are you kidding? Double-glazed glass is not cheap. Also, the jamb has to be completely rebuilt-- Oh dear god, I'm the grown-up who sees the world through my job. I'm my Uncle Dave the plumber and I must be shunned.
Oh yeah, robot.
Gotta be the guy that built her.
Sounds like a nerd to me.
To who? Spike? See me vigorously not caring. Also, she was looking for this Warren, but it didn't sound like she wanted to hurt him. She said he's her boyfriend.
Whoever he is, he knows his stuff. That girl was... well... that was a nice looking girl.
What can we do?
Funny. Charming and funny.
She's a sex bot. I mean, what guy doesn't dream about that? Beautiful girl with no other thought but to please you, willing to do anything...
Too many girls. I miss Oz. He'd get it. He wouldn't say anything, but he'd get it.
(to Dawn) Buffy's busy tracking down the guy that made her, so I'll drop you off at school and if she's not finished --
Nah, forget that. Letting him in is good, 'cuz then we get to toss him out.
You construct a wood jamb and frame the glass in it, and that's what you set into the opening.
And one of the cool things about that, you see, is that the jamb can be shimmed to be square even if the opening isn't.
Um, I do, yeah. Scary, isn't it? I think I've actually turned into someone you want around after a crazed robot attack.
Yeah? Hold this.
Robots are the strangest people.
You feel like that? Armless?
Buffy, you're acting like you're never gonna find someone, and that's nuts. Hey, there's lots of guys where I work. Now I'm guessing you don't want a lot of spitting--
Well, I'll say this -- she's a pretty cool person to be alone with.