In the nubile flesh, my friend.
Competition is a beautiful thing. Makes us strive. Makes us accomplish. Occasionally makes us kill.
We all feel the desire to win, whether we're human... (indicates the humans) ...vampire... (indicates the Gorches) ...or... (Kulak) ...whatever the hell you are, my brother, got them spiny looking head things, I never seen that.
Isn't that nice. Point is, you're all here for one reason.
Mr. Gorch. My account statement  shows your deposit has yet to be made.
They're dirty.
In a few days time, the game will commence. You will all have the  opportunity to bring down not one but two of the toughest prize bucks this world has to offer. The first target, Buffy, you've all seen. The second, Faith, is a little more elusive, but both targets will be together and  ready for the killing and that's a money-back guarantee. Ladies, Gentlemen, and spiny-headed lookin' creatures... welcome to SlayerFest. Ninety eight.
Hello ladies, welcome to SlayerFest ninety-eight. What is a SlayerFest you ask? Well, as in most of life, there's the hunters and the hunted. Can you guess where you two fall? You have exactly thirty seconds from the beginning of this tape -- (checks watch) -- ooo, seventeen now -- to run for  your lives. Faith, Buffy, have a nice death.
Popcorn? Not bad for microwave.
I love the future. It's just like the past, only shiny.
They got away?
Give it up for the Slayers, they got character. (problem) What do I do if they survive? (solution) Re-match next year -- bring on the money... (re: computer) ... go girls, go!
I'll take care of it.
Good evening, gentlemen. What can I do for --
Excuse me, someone have a warrant here?
(non-plussed) Yeah, hi, what a pleasure. Where am I?
Clothes make the man.
Election year?
If this is the part where you tell me I don't fit in your quiet little neighborhood you can skip it 'cause that all got old before I was a vampire, you know what I'm saying?
None living. I think I got some descendants in Gainsburg or somewhere.
I see...
Well, if the 'rebellious element' means who I think it does, that  problem may take care of itself this very night.
And what if I don't want to be part of the team?