We'll have to re-check every possible exit avenue.
Right then. Good to see you. No need to panic.
Now. Keep in mind - most likely -  there is no deal. But, if there was a deal it would concern a murder last night. A male student was found in the woods-
Jeff Walken.
I'm afraid… He was terribly mauled. And while I hate to think of it, it could  be the handiwork of-
And how long - exactly - did you "rest your eyes" for?
Woke up?
(to Buffy) Oz may have gotten out of his cage last night - Oz cuts him off - his tone grim.
Perhaps. Or perhaps it was something else  entirely. Let's not overreact -
That's why we all have to work to find out  what happened.
Why don't we have Faith come watch over him?
"Exploring Demon Dimensions."  "The Mystery of Acathala…"
Buffy.
I'd say it was to be expected. (re: card file) But it must have been quite a dream.  I didn't think you knew what these cards were for.
Of course. After Jenny was killed -  I had dreams that she was still alive.  That I saved her.
Do you believe it was a prophecy?
There's no record of someone returning  from a demon dimension once the "gate"  has closed. I can't imagine how it would  happen or why.
I can't really say. What little is known  about the dimension accessed via Acathala  suggest a world of brutal torment. And  time in demon worlds moves quite different that here - 
Yes.
(nods) Only a person with tremendous will and character  could survive that and retain any semblance of self.
Maybe… Maybe not. In my experience,  there are two kinds of monsters. The first  type can be redeemed. And, more importantly,  they want to be redeemed…
The second - is void of humanity.  It can not respond to reason. Or love.
(cutting her off) Let her finish, Buffy.
This creature is especially brutal. I  think the charming phrase the coroner  used when describing Mr. Platt was  "pureed." But he did confirm that Platt  had been dead just a few hours when  Buffy found him.
(concerned) Indeed. But shouldn't he be here  by now? The sun sets at half past five.
Our task now is to determine what  sort of killer we're dealing with-
Clearly we're looking for a depraved,  sadistic animal.
I wish we had time to celebrate properly.  Unfortunately, it's imperative that we  find out who or what is doing this. (then) Now. We have two victims. Jeff Walken,  and now Platt. Perhaps they have  something in common-
Besides that.
We have to find them both immediately.
We should split up. Faith - you and I  will team. Willow - you stick with Buffy.
Right. Bloody priceless.