Well, somebody should speak before one of us graduates.
Capricorn. On the cusp of Aquarius. You?
Also passionate, artistic And inquisitive. (pointedly) Who are you?
Then, let me. You're part of some military monster squad that rounds up demons, vampires -- probably have official-sounding euphemisms for them like "Unfriendlies" or "Non-sapiens..."
There you go. So you deliver these... "HSTs" to a bunch of lab coats who perform experiments which, among other things, turn some into harmless bunnies. How am I doing so far?
Meanwhile, by day, you pretend to be Riley Finn, corn-fed Iowa boy. You ever even been to lowa, Riley? (realizing) God, if that's even your name.
I'd have thought a professional Demon chaser like you would've figured it out by now. (obviously) I'm the Slayer.
Slay-er. Chosen one? She who hangs out a lot in cemeteries?
You're kidding. (sighs, then) In every genera-- (w/o skipping a beat) You know, I really don't feel like doing the routine. Ask around. Look it up: "Slayer comma The."
You did pretty well yourself.
Not looking hard enough.
(sobering) I don't know. I'm still... I really thought you were a nice, normal guy.
Maybe by this town's standards, but I'm not grading on a curve. (after a beat) I think we both need a little time to process... everything. Decide where this... where we're...
I won't say a word to anybody.
What's--
It isn't mine.
Yeah. Couple of broken knickknacks. No biggies.
From the dorm that brought you the "Somebody Sneezed Party" and "Day That Ends in a 'Y' Party."
Riley. Riley is... busy, I'm pretty sure. Why don't I meet up with you there. On my way for a little Giles one-on-one.
(with forced lightness) Wrong? No. Not at all.
Something horrible's going to happen. Giles.
I've so got a reason. Pretty darn good one. The last time we had an earthquake, I died.
Oh, good. Hate for my little "untimely, horrible death" concern to be ambiguous.
Oh. Really?
(interrupting him) Okay, say this quake was a sign -- a bad omen. And we just ignore it. There's gonna be some pretty red faces around here if the world comes to an end.
Plague!
If the end is coming in the form of a plague, too many people may become infected before we--
Wow. See, I was kind of unsure about where the party was. And then I saw the flashing red lights and the ambulance, and it's like... oh, right, of course. Carnage. Death. It's a Buffy party.
What happened?
Poor, Will. Vampire?
Percy called you a nerd?
(as they go) Does Percy even go here?
Creepy.
(prompting Willow) Tell them about the symbol.
I've seen this before. Somewhere. I can't remember. It's like...
I told you! Giles, I said, "end of the world," and you're all like... pooh pooh, Southern California pooh pooh--
I stop it.
(self-mocking) "Ooh, I wonder where I've seen this before." Where else? The place I spend almost all my waking hours, memorizing stuff off the sides of mausoleums. Big freaky cereal boxes of death---
(casual) Door was open.
Riley. Where--?
You didn't follow it?
I do.
Lilac?
Very commandery, lilac not withstanding. What are you doing here?
Well, I gotta get the... demon...
It's not that simple.
Riley, I can't. I just --
Can't... any of it. Can't be with you. It's a mistake, it's a huge black pit of a mistake and I can't go there again.
No. But I've been involved with... you don't know what my life is like.
Operative word: dying. There's too much risk -- there's too much... It's just doomed, okay, and I can't do doomed again right now.
But it's --
Death. Pain. Apocalypse -- none of them fun. Do you know what the Hellmouth is? Do they have a fancy term for it, 'cause I went to high school on top of it. For three years. We don't have that much in common. This is a job to you.
It's an adventure, great, but for me It's destiny. It's something I can't escape, something I can't change. I'm stuck.
Riley... No.
My answer is no.
"...Limbs with talons, eyes like knives. Bane to the blameless, thief of lives..."
Thing isn't digging up the bones of a child for fun.
Let me guess. It ends the world.
No, they won't. Because claw-boy won't get all the ingredients. We have to find that last one, the thingy... The Word of Valios. Keep him from getting it.
I'll check the majik shop. See if they've heard of a book called the "Word of Valios." Willow, Xander, how 'bout the book archives at the museum?
Will, Xander - this thing takes its wicked pretty seriously. Be careful. I couldn't stand anybody getting hurt.
(re: device he holds) Is this really the time for Donkey Kong?
And?
Actually, I should get going anyway-
That's okay. But, really, I'd better keep moving. You know - big bad needing to be squished-
Right. Which is why we can't. Do the you and me thing.
Wow. Sweet talk like that will melt my reservations.
You know, there is nothing more dangerous than a psych grad student.
Right. But you're an amateur... fry cook and I come from a long line of fry cooks who don't live past twenty-five.
Fun? Right. The last person I knew who believed that is in a coma right now because she had so much "fun" on the job.
But just turn my frown upside down, is that it? I wish I could - but this isn't the kind of gig where you hang it up at the end of the day and snuggle with your honey.
I've tried it, okay? And every time, things fall apart - and I get sucked right back into the uber evil.
(hurt) You don't know what you're talking about. You barely know me.
You are so out of line-
It is my business. So why don't you just leave me alone?
What happened?
Giles-
Well they have it. And they probably have their sacrifices by now, too.
On their way where? You found out what the ritual is for?
Looks like we're going back to high school.
Be careful in there - it doesn't look like the place is too stable.
(irked) Why is he here? It's not like he can fight.
And that's bad because - ? (stops herself) Whatever. We don't have time for this. Just keep him out of the way. And when we get inside, watch for victims they're keening alive for the sacrifice. Getting them out is our first priority.
Good. You ready?
(re: monsters/sotto) I'll deal with them. You get the spell stuff away.
They have to be around here somewhere - the ritual's not finished.
And you can't raise hell if you can't do the spell, right guys?
Get out of here. The building's going to come down!
Don't let him jump in the Hellmouth! If he does, we're finished!
I'm going in.
No offense - but you are looking wicked conspicuous.
We used to go here.
Hey. You never called, I didn't know if you...
You have a security code and rank?
(calmly) No. It's not.