I only meant--
I'm sorry, Buffy. I just want to help.
Do we know anything about how... it  wasn't the vampire --
(re: paper) Twelfth century Papal encyclical. Try this.
Hmm.
What? Oh. It's just, I wonder if we're looking for a "thing." The use of a symbol on a victim, it suggests ritual murder, an occult sacrifice by a group.
I'm afraid so.
Buffy, this is a dreadful crime. You  have every right to be upset. However, I wonder if you're letting  this become a shade more... personal because of your mother's involvement.
There you are. I almost didn't find  you in this crush.
Mrs. -- Joyce. This is quite a turn out you've gotten here.
Right. Not since, not since, not for a while.
Rumor? About us? About what?
Indeed? How strange.
Actually, I'm afraid they may have. My research keeps leading me back to  European Wiccan covens.
Just about. I'm fairly sure a book that Willow borrowed has the rest of  the information I need.
They're confiscating my books.
Believe me - I tried telling that to the nice man with the big gun.
I don't know. Ordinarily I'd suggest we widen our research...
This is intolerable. Snyder has interfered before, but I will not take this from that twisted little homunculus -
Get out of here, and take your... marauders with you.
These items are my personal research materials. I assure you - they're all  perfectly harmless.
They're antiques.
This isn't over.
Session interrupted? Who said you could interrupt -- Stupid, useless fad -- That's right! I said fad! And I'll say it again.
What?
I - I assumed that someone knew the  details. I never really...it's very strange.
Could somebody else... This thing has  shut me out.
Two children, found dead. Mysterious  mark... No. These children were  found near Omaha in 1949,
Fifty years ago.
A hundred years. How is that possible?
Let me see that.
From as far back as 1649.
Written by a cleric from a village near the Black Forest. He found  the bodies himself. Two children... Greta Strauss, age six. Hans  Strauss, eight.
Greta Strauss. Hans Strauss.
There's a fringe theory held by a few  folklorists that some regional stories  have actual, very literal antecedents...
Of course... it makes sense now...
There are demons that thrive on  fostering persecution and hatred among the mortal animals. Not on  destroying men, but on watching them destroy each other. They feed us our darkest fear, and turn peaceful communities into vigilantes.
And she and probably dozens of other  are punished by a righteous mob. It's happened throughout history. It happened in Salem, not surprisingly.
Cordelia?
Pity... Why are you here?
Wake up in-- Never mind. We have to go save Buffy from Hansel and Gretel.
Shred the Wolfsbane -- that's the  leafy stuff. Then crush the Satyrion root. (to himself) Luften sie den something. Schumer?  Shluter?
It's part of an incantation I'm trying  to recall. It's in German and without my books...
It's about lifting a veil. It should  make the demons appear in their true form, which should negate their influence. Oh, and you need to drop a toadstone into the mixture.
No reason it should. It's from inside the toad.
(shouting in German) Dämonen zeight euch. Ich beschwöre die Mächte der Hecate, Königin und Beschützerin der Hexen, die Masken wegzureissen. Das Böse soll das Gesicht des Bösen tragen... (English) Demons show yourselves. I call on the powers of Hecate, queen and protectress of witches, to strip away the masks. Let evil wear an evil face... 
Hecate ruft euch an. Hebt den Schleier auf. (Hecate implores you. Lift the veil)
Hebt den Schleier auf. Verbergt euch nicht hinter falschen Gesichtern. (Lift the veil. Hide not behind false faces.)