Willow! I didn't know you were going to be her. Hello, Bunny.
Oh, I read about it in the paper and what with your dad out of town -- (stops, noticing) Willow, you cut off your hair! That's a new look.
I like it. Hello, Joyce.
There's a rumor going around,  Mr. Giles.
About witches. People calling themselves witches are responsible for this brutal crime.
It's actually not that strange. I just  co-authored a paper on the rise of  mysticism among adolescents and I was shocked at the statistical -- ooh, are we starting?
Sit down, honey.
Yes. He's quite concerned.
(cutting her off) You don't have to explain, honey. This isn't exactly a surprise.
Identification with mythical icons is perfectly typical of your age group. It's a classic adolescent response to the pressure of incipient adulthood.
Of course, I could have wished that you would identify with something a little less icky, but developmentally  speaking --
I understand --
You think you can. And that's what concerns me. The delusions-
Well, with "King Friday" lording it over all the lesser puppet --
And this is your way of trying to get it. Now, I've consulted some of my colleagues and they all agree. This is a cry for discipline. You're  grounded.
(nods) You're upset. I hear your -
Willow. Honey. You don't have  to act out like this to prove your  specialness-
Willow!
I'm not listening to this --
That's enough!
Now. You will go to your room and  stay there until I say otherwise. (hard) And we're gonna make some changes. I don't want you hanging out with those friends of yours. It's clear where this little obsession came from. You will not speak to Bunny Summers again.
You're not minding me, Willow. I thought I made myself clear.
I see what you're doing. You're  challenging me. But I will not have  you communicating with your cyber- coven or what have you-
That was before I talked in depth with Ms. Summers and her associates. It seems I've been rather closed-minded.
I believe you, dear. (then) Now all I can do is let you go  with love.
It's time to go. (mom-like) Get your coat. It's chilly out.
(harder again) I said - get your coat, witch.
(to Willow) Stand still. Be a good girl.
There's no cure but the fire.
(to Joyce/pleasantly) Torch?
You too, Joyce.
How nice. I'd love to.