Whoa, I did two of 'em! Yay on me!  Pretty cool except for the part where I  was really terrified and now my knees  are all dizzy.
Oh piffle. Who needs him when I'm slaying two at a time-- woops!
Okay, it might have been good if he'd showed.
Care package! Special delivery for  the Summers girls.
Now let's see what I have in this sack  of mine...Oh, I feel just like Santa Claus.  Except thinner, and younger, and female,  and well, Jewish.
Hey, watch it, Missy, or it's coal in  the socks for you. This is something  extra-special for your mother. 'Cause  I knew she would need a ...
Beer hat! See, it's got cup holders and  straws that go straight to your mouth and  you can fill it with other things than beer...  and somehow when I was in the store this  seemed like the most important idea and  now there's this whole part where I'm crazy...
Let me see, who's next? Dawn, I believe  I have something in here for you.
Alright. Dawn, to keep you busy ...
It doesn't actually have the spells. It's  just history, anecdotes, stuff like that.  Oh Buffy. Here. I have this for you.
And a yo-yo.
(re: the textbook) The book is just in case you get a chance  to look it over. We're doing World War  One now. The last exam was really pretty  easy, all underlying causes and trench foot.  It should be no hassle to make up--
I know.
She seems... She's gonna be fine.
And after the operation... no more pressing...  all normal, all the time.
Hi.
You know what's weird?
Yes. And also... you know some of  the stars we're looking at don't even  exist anymore? In the time it takes  for their light to get to us, they've  died, exploded, poof.
I used to love to look up at them when  I was little. They're supposed to make  you feel all insignificant but they made  me feel like ... like I was in space. Part of the stars. (points) There's Canis Minor. (points) Cassiopia.
Um... you know... not sure I remember that one.
Yeah...
It's big.
Teach me.
Hmm... I see ...
A huge flaming meteor about to crash into something.
We have meteorite.
Hollow. It's hollow.
Something evil-crashed to earth in this.  Then it broke out and slithered away to  do badness.
I know him! He was at the hospital,  a mental patient. They released him  today.
Well, we can't call Buffy. (a beat) I want to call Buffy.
(determined) So we'll figure this out ourselves.  We're experienced.
Okay. You got it.
I've got some stuff. (reading off screen) The most recent meteoric anomaly was the Tunguska blast in Russia back in 1917. Some witnesses claimed the meteor was hollow.
Pretty far. Back to the Queller Impact in the twelfth century.
Queller. I don't know why it's called that,  it didn't hit a place called Queller or anything.  It landed just outside Reykjavik in Iceland.
Okay, I'm looking in history now. (a beat, then) It says here in the middle ages there were these sweeping plagues.
No, these were different. More like  plagues of madness. People were  losing their marbles everywhere but  then it would suddenly subside...  and some of these dates look pretty  close... like maybe it happened after  each one of the meteor events ...
We should call Buffy. Except we can't call Buffy. (to Giles) Can we?
Yep. That's our perp. It's a sort of a  scavenger that can be summoned to kill--
Yeah. How did you--
You're at the hospital? Riley, listen... I  saw Buffy's mom before and she was  acting kind of wacky. Insane wacky,  if you know what I mean ...
Oh, good. And the thing, the Queller,  is it still there?
Well, okay, but shouldn't we come help-- (a dial tone) O - kay.