How many times do we have to go over this? Nothing's up with Buffy. We're just good friends-
Sorry. I'm not used to you addressing subjects not directly related to... you. (then) She's fine. I guess. Why?
Oh no. Why would I be offended?
Good for her. She's providing much needed life experience for the refection-deprived.
Yeah. Everybody except the one guy she needs to hear it from.
Something weird is going on. Isn't that our school motto?
I'm not trying to poo poo your wiggins, but a domestic dispute and a little case of chalkboard Tourette's? Sounds like "Hellmouth Lite" to me-
You're just a big bucket o' funny, Will. I'll have you know I just got accosted by some kind of locker monster.
This is right after Buffy's history teacher started doing some freaky channeling thing in class.
Oh no, not cool. This was no wimpy chain-rattler. This was more - "I'm dead as hell and I'm not gonna take it anymore."
I defined something? Accurately? Check me out. (he slams a book on the table shut) Guess I'm done with the book learning!
Fill me in, then. 'Cause I've read the book, seen the movie and I'm still fuzzy about what's going on.
You think she's the poltergeist?
I know. He's usually "Investigate Things From Every Boring Angle" guy. Now he's "I cling To My One Lame Idea" guy. What gives?
Dog spit is cleaner than human's.
Ladies and gentlemen - we have a poltergeist. It has to be one of those two, right?
How come we never heard about this murder/suicide thing before? When did it happen?
Your dreams are getting wicked accurate, Buffy. You wouldn't happen to see me coming into big cash or, possibly, knowing the love of a woman? In a full-body sense?
He killed a person and he killed himself. Those are pretty much the two dumbest things you can do.
Yikes. The quality of mercy is not Buffy.
That tracks.
Okay, who's hungry?
Obviously some hairy-legged feminist.
Nuke the school? I like it!
I'm kinda feeling like this ghost is fixating on you, Buffy. The yearbook, the dreams - you sure you can handle it?
Okay... So we can flip the poltergeist over when it turns a nice golden brown?
Oh, yeah baby. It's snakalicious in here.
"out of marrow and bone"
Check it. I'd say school's out for good.
(ignoring her) But why? What does he want? (turning to Cordy) Actually, that's an interesting point...
He can't live with it, Buff. He's dead.
So - now what? Not even a mega vat of Raid is gonna do the trick here.
So Buffy should be safe until we can find a way to get her out.
Explain to me again how that's a good thing?