Hold your horses… (sees Spike) I know you.
(confused) No, you're that guy. That guy always  hangs around down at the corner mart.  Big into dominos, aren't you?
That's crazy, isn't it? I'd swear you  were him. I mean, your hair's a  different color and you're a vampire,  but other than that… (then) What day is it, anyway?
No kidding? Would have sworn it was  Wednesday… see, that's the brain -  first thing to go. (back to Spike) Guy's name is Rocko. That's not  your name, is it?
Now, now - just because the lights  are dim doesn't mean the juice is  all gone. What can I do for you?
(genuine) Oh. I'm sorry.
Oh, no… That's… (to Dawn) You don't want to mess with that.  I know a couple of tonics, make  the grieving fly by.
(sighs heavily) Jeez. I don't know…
Either one of you witches? Got  experience with spells of this  magnitude?
Didn't think so.
Your mother's a good candidate, at  least. Strong DNA. Magic can  scramble things up real good -  you gotta have nice strong molecules  for the body to make the trip in  any kind of shape.
Hold on.
It's all going to change with cloning…  Everybody'll have a double on ice.  The first you conks out? Loved-ones  just call up your replacement. Then  again, we might not make it that  long, mad cows could get us first-
But that's not now. <u>Now</u> - you've  got a Ghora demon standing between  you and success. That's the translation  you're missing.
Yeah, they like to stick close to the Hellmouth. (then) Egg of the Ghora gives life. It's key  to the spell. No egg, no resurrection.  Simple as that.
If this was like making an omelet,  everyone would try it. No, you have  to steal the egg from the demon's nest.  And the Ghora won't be happy about it.
Hold on, Rocko. First things first. (to Dawn) You'll need an image of your mother.  A photo, painting…
Once you get all your ingredients  together, including the egg, mix  them up, put them in the center  of a sacred circle with that picture  of your mother and…
…say this incantation three times.  She's not going to appear - "poof!"  It takes a while. But she'll come to  you. Got it?
Something goes wrong, the only way  to reverse the spell is to destroy the  image of your mother, understand?
It's a tricky spell, girl. I can't say  for sure that your mother will come  back exactly like she was. Sometimes  things get a little… off.
More or less.
Right, sorry… Go in the sewer entrance  near Tracy Street. You'll see an opening  on your left. Can't miss it. Just follow that down-
No, no. Keep your money.
You just keep in touch. Let me know  how it goes.