Riley!
My job...
Watch out!
Never mind.
Why do I even bother to show up?
What are you doing here, Spike?
Keep out of my way, Spike. I'm not gonna take this much longer.
Would it keep you out of my way?
Spike, I just saw you taste your own nose blood and, you know what, I'm too grossed out to even hear you right now. Go home.
Of course not. I was just startled. You know, and I don't love the idea of you patrolling alone...
No, no - you made the squad. You tossed that vamp like he was a... little teeny vamp.
Nah, unless we go back and kill Spike just for the fun of it...
Will. You're totally missing my point. I agree that Marat wasn't a real martyr. All I'm saying is, the death in the tub? The neck wound? All that blood? More fangy than knifey, okay? So Charlotte Corday was no martyr either--
(worried) What?
Your what?
Apparently not. Don't worry Will, you still wear the smarty pants in this family.
I try, but they're already piling on the reading and of course Giles is filling in the little corners of free time with extra training. I'm starting to think this working hard is hard work.
I thought it was gonna be more like in the movies. You know, inspirational music and a montage: me sharpening pencils, reading, writing, falling asleep on a big pile of books with my glasses all crooked because in the montage I have glasses. Real life is so slow and it hurts my occipital lobe.
I actually have to head to training right now, wanna come with?
(shocked) Robespierre, are you kidding me?
Trick or treat.
You betcha.
We shall then.
Riley!
Or off them as it were. What got into... oh my God, look at this place.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
I love it.
This must have been so much work.
They're great. It's all great.
Thanks guys, you're like a fairy godmother, Santa Claus, and Q all rolled into one. (then) Q from James Bond, not Star Trek. I'm going go get changed.
Mmm.
That was relaxing...
Again?! Right away again?
I have the endurance of ten men.
Whatever. Takes a lot to wear me out.
How are you? How is Mom?
But it's nothing - Big, it's not something bad...
No, I don't think so. She's usually really healthy.
Oh thank God. I was really freaking out.
What is going on? Riley, what are you doing? What if you have a heart attack?
<u>Me</u> calm down? I'm not the one with a pulse of 150.
Riley, you're still a human, you could still have a heart attack--
How are you?
No. Uh-uh. You stay here on the couch today.
Mom, you shouldn't even be thinking about that. He's not worried, so I don't think we should be.
I don't get what he's thinking. Why isn't he worried?
Nobody's body can handle a heart attack.
I just keep coming back to the Initiative.
Dawn. Please. (to Willow) I have to do something. I just have no idea how.
Dawn.
Yeah but call them how? A: the Initiative doesn't exist anymore and secondly, they never claimed to exist in the first place. (then) It's so unfair! It's like, Big Brother can spy on you all the time, but when you actually have something to say, no one will listen.
What am I supposed to do, take a tour of the White House and pretend to get lost, looking for some door with a sign reading 'Secret Government Monster Hunters, on it?
I gotta go. I'll see ya later.
Riley's in trouble. He needs help.
So you screwed up and he's gone and when are you even gonna tell me what's wrong with him?
Say.
I'll find him.
If you tell me to hurry I'm going to kick your ass.
No, not in his apartment; not at the library; not at the gym. He's gone somewhere where he doesn't want to be found.
Basically, exactly.
Well, here's a hot tip then: You want attention, be there so people can give it to you.
You guys! That's enough. Riley's in real danger here. Anya, Xander, I want you guys to check the docks.
Homey. You know what else might be homey in a sort of dank, unpleasant, mostly evil way? The Initiative caves. But I don't know them too well...
Oh, I so don't want to deal with Spike right now. Guy's really starting to bug me in that special, "I'd like to shove something wooden through his heart" kind of way.
And hanging out in that moldy crypt all day, you just <u>know</u> he's doing something nasty.
I've got a proposition for you.
Riley's sick with some Initiative thing and he's gone missing. I think he might be in the caves. If you find him and take him to the fourth floor of the hospital, you get the money.
He's not the only one who can die, Spike.
Fine.
Riley!
Riley, answer me! (to herself) Please...
Riley?
Your hand is bleeding.
This stops now. I'm getting you to a doctor.
He's the only one who understands what's wrong with you. He's the only one who can help you.
But the feeling's going to kill you. Your body wasn't built for this kind of stress-
What is this? What's happening to you?
And that's not enough for you?
When did - why would you say that?
That's what this is about? You're going to die over some macho pissing contest?
According to who? You want to touch me? I'm right here. I'm not the one running away.
So you've got it all figured out. I'm bailing because you're not in the super club?
Don't psyche 101 me! Not now. Not after - after everything.... (then/pained) Nobody's ever known me the way you do, Riley. Nobody. I've opened myself up to you in a way that- God, you're just sitting back thinking it doesn't mean anything to me?
(more and more upset) Well it obviously doesn't mean anything to <u>you</u>! Do you think so little of me-
No! Do you think I've spent the last eight months with you because you've got super powers? If that's what I wanted I'd be dating <u>Spike</u>.
I need you. I need... to have you with me, healthy and, and... but if you want to throw everything away because you don't trust me, then... then I'm still gonna make you go to the doctor.
(softly) We have to hurry.
I don't know why. (then) We'd better go. The doctor said we didn't have much time.
Uh-oh.
Spike and Harmony. Together again.
(looking) They must've taken him. What do they- (understanding) Spike's chip. They're going to force the doctor to remove the chip in his-- (noticing) Riley?
Okay... Brain surgery on Spike, they'll need a medical facility, equipment, for that, right?
You're not going to die.
(growing annoyed) Not all. I know one peroxide pest whose number's up. When I get my hands on Spike, I'm going to rip his head off. I'm gonna...
Stay here. We're going to need you.
That means I get to kill you.
Riley, be careful. Your heart!
Riley! No!
Doctor! We need you now!
How's it going in there?
Yeah.
And see? I'm still touchable.
Are you going to be okay? Because I should really go check on my mom.
I'll talk to you later.
Would've been less if I wasn't busy cleaning up your mess.
I'm done. You're a killer and I should've done this years ago.
What?
I want you, Spike.