(between blows) Same reason as you and your cub scout, I'd wager. Wanted a spot of violence before bedtime.
What? I softened 'im up.
So I should do what with my time? Sit at home knitting cunning sweater sets?
Ooh. I saw that. Looks like neither boy is entirely welcome. Better take him home, Slayer, make him stay there. I got knitting needles he can borrow.
(called after them, defensive) It's blood! It's what I do!
I <u>will</u> know your blood, Slayer. I will make your neck my chalice and drink deep.
Oh Pacey, you blind idiot! Can't you see she doesn't love you?
Well well well. Lookie here.
(dubious) Buffy's looking for you?
(mock-serious) Is that right. I must have missed the memo.
(insinuating) Desperate are you?
Anything will you?
(poker-faced) Taken up smoking then?
I guess you are, at that. I mean, with the Slayer on your tail and everything. She's not the type to give up, either. She'll hunt you down day and night, until you're too tired and too hungry to run any more and then...
Then that's you.
I think you're gonna hafta kill her.
I would love to. But I can't. Remember?
(generous) Yeah. I s'pose I could do that.
(resigned) Okay, is it bigger than a bread box?
So it's smaller than a bread box?
(seething calm) Harmony. Is it a sodding bread box?
Funny, 'cause I've got a proposition for you. What about knocking? It seems only fair considering we vamps can't enter your flat without an invite that you could at least-- say, look at those pretty pieces of paper.
Oh dear, the enormous hall monitor is sick? Tell me, is he going to die?
Hey, I'm just saying, if this is really important to you, then I think I ought to get half now.
You got yourself a new patient, Doc.
(to Doctor) Little performance anxiety, eh? Butterflies in the old belly? (looks at Harmony) Harm, do us a favor. Shoot the nasty butterflies for the good doctor.
There you go, Doc. Not so complicated. Just do whatever those Initiative lab monkeys did, only backwards.
They look pointy enough. (tossing it back onto the tray) They'll do.
Not gonna happen, mate. See, I've got faith in your survival instinct.
Yeah, you'll have me up and killing before the night's over.
Don't worry, Doc. You do me right, and nothing bad'll happen to y--
Like someone's cutting into my brain with a knife, you silly bint!
What? Yes, I can.
Harmony, if your incessant prattling bollixes up this operation, I'm going to personally yank out your pink and wriggly tongue!
...bathe in the Slayer's blood. I'm gonna dive into it, swim in it, do the bloody backstroke.
Yeah?
Right, then. Stitch me up, Doc. Got places to go. And slayers to kill.
Listen to me, my stomach's growling, I'm so starved. I'm afraid I'm going to have to have me a little snack.
(off the Dr.'s look) Oh, don't worry... (then) I won't fill up on the bread, I'll still have plenty of room for the main course.
Slayer!
Suit up, Harm.
Buffy. I swear I was just thinking of you. I wanted to tell you the great news. My head's all clear now. No more bug-zapper in my noggin.
You get to try...
Is he your sidekick now? That's too cute. You know, you should think about getting one of those motorbikes with the little sidecars. Could be precious. (re: Riley) Look at 'im go.
At long last.
AAAAAAAAA!
A penny.
Buffy, Buffy, Buffy! Everywhere I turn she's there, that... that nasty little face, that bouncing shampoo- commercial hair. The whole sodding holier than thou attitude...
She follows me, you know. Tracks me down. I'm her pet project... drive Spike round the bend. Makes every day a fresh bout of torture.
You don't understand! I can't get rid of her; she's everywhere. She's haunting me, Harmony!
This has got to end.
Shoulda known it's you. Been nearly six hours.
My mess? I just borrowed the doc. The mess was yours, Slayer. Yours and the boy's.
You know what? Do it. Bloody just do it.
End my torment -- seeing you every day, everywhere I go, every time I turn around. Take me out of a world that's got you in it. (suddenly shouting) KILL ME!
(overwhelmed) Slayer...
Oh Buffy. Buffy I love you. God I love you so much...
God, no. Please, no.