Good morning. I trust that everything is in order for the party.  XANDER Absolutely. Ready to get down, you funky party weasel?
Ah. Here comes Buffy. Remember - discretion is the better part of valor...
You feel it was more of a portent?
Go to class, Xander.
Don't worry yourself unduly, Buffy. This could be nothing.
It's possible-
Precisely. It's not unheard of for the Slayer to start having prophetic dreams  and visions as she approaches adulthood-
I'm not the one rushing her. While I'm loathe to say it, the fact is -  the Slayer rarely lives into her mid-twenties. It follows that she'd  exhibit signs of maturity early on. Her whole life-cycle is accelerated.
I - I suppose I try not to pry.
I'm not her father, Jenny.
I'll keep an eye to it. Right now I'm worried enough trying to think of the right birthday present.
Yes. I'd imagine-
It's just... A piece of the nightmare Buffy had the other night  actually came to pass.
Even if she is alive, we can still protect Angel. Dreams are not prophecies, Buffy. You dreamt the Master had risen, but you stopped it from happening.
Absolutely. Let me read up on Drusilla, see if she has any particular patterns. Why don't you meet me here at 7:00? Map out a strategy.
Go to class.., do your homework... Have supper...
Buffy's surprise party is going to go exactly as we've planned. (to Willow) Except I won't be wearing the little hat.
-May well be in danger. As they have been before, and, I imagine, will be again. One thing I have learned in my tenure here on the Hellmouth is that there is never a good time to relax. But Buffy is only turning 17 this once. She deserves a party.
Precisely.
Yes - what happened?
I have no idea. Can it be opened?
Good heavens, Buffy, are you alright?
The Judge... This is he?
He couldn't be killed.
An army was sent against him. Most of them died, but they were  finally able to dismember him. But not kill him.
We have to get this out of town.
They should be back by now...
What happened?
Where's Jenny?
The more I study the Judge, the less I like him. His touch can literally burn the humanity out of you. A true creature of evil can survive the process. No human ever has.
(reads) "No weapon forged can kill him." Not very encouraging. But if we  can keep them from assembling him...
This could take time.
Round robin?
It seems Buffy needed some rest.
Buffy? Are you alright?
Very good. However, you need a plan. I know you're concerned, Buffy, but you can't just go off half-cocked.
(nonplussed) Yes, well... That's quite a good plan, actually.
Perhaps you ought to go home and get some sleep. I'll continue from here.
Yes, I feel rather restless myself. Buffy and Angel can handle  themselves, of course, but...