Democracy.
You don't say.
Why do people who don't go to college always refer to everything outside of college as the "real world"? Like college is some imaginary realm with elves and witches and... (thinks about it) Huh.
Not at all.
We were acting out a geometry problem. 'Cause I just read this really neat article that said kids learn math better when you tap into their visual learning patterns; you know, using the right brain too, instead of just the left and stuff like that--
So we made a triangle with our bodies. And that's when I called Xander 'obtuse' and he got all grumpy and then Dawn said we were 'acute' triangle and, well... hilarity ensued.
(to Buffy, trying to lighten the moment) Don't get all grouchy at her... Who among us can ignore the allure of really funny math puns?
I know it is. And I'm a big fan of school. You know me, I'm all: 'Go school, it's your birthday'! Or something to that effect.
I do so understand. You're stressed out--
Yeah. Well, maybe you need a little break to de-freak. You could come to the World Culture Fair, if you want, with me and Tara.
C'mon, you could bring Dawn and it could be really fun. I mean educational- type fun, in a discipliney sort of way. Supposedly the highlights last year were baked sushi and some inexperienced yogis who tried to walk on burning coals and--
It wasn't anything, really; Buffy was just being kinda crabby at Dawn about her schoolwork.
Sure it is! I'd totally be blowing off classes if I was in Dawnie's shoes.
Buffy what?
Yeah, but not in a 'Miss Minchin's Select Seminary for Girls' way, I mean she'll just make Dawn even more rebellious--
(defensively) I know that.
No, I just, I mean I know I can't know what you went through, I just... It's no big.
No, no...
--It's okay, the whole Buffy thing just -- Forget it.
No, I was snippy gal, it's just... I know I can't, on some level... it's like my opinion isn't worth anything because I haven't been through... I didn't lose my mom, so I don't know...
No...
S-O-R-T of... it's just... I mean I just feel like the junior partner sometimes, you've been doing everything longer than me, you've been out longer, and practicing witchcraft way longer--
That's a weird word.
It frightens you? I frighten you?
Well I took Psyche 101 -- I mean, I took it from an evil government scientist who was skewered by her Frankenstein-like creation right before the final -- but I know what a Freudian slip is. (beat) Don't you trust me?
That's not what I mean.
I'm not feeling real multicultural right now. What is it about me that you don't trust?
Where I'm heading?
(vulnerable) I think you're being pretty clear. It isn't the witch thing -- this is about the <u>other</u> changes in my life.
When I 'change back'? Yeah, this is just a college thing, just a little experimentation before I get over the thrill and head back to boys' town. You think that?
You know, I'm really sorry I didn't establish my lesbo street cred before I got into this relationship. But you're the only woman I've ever fallen in love with, so how on earth could you possibly take me seriously?
Have fun at the fair.
Yeah.
I had a fight with Tara. It was awful.
Me too.
Never. 'Til today.
(panicked) Over? How can it be over? I just found her!
Oh. Yeah.
Glory knows who the Key is?
(as it hits) Tara.
No. Call Buffy. Go look in Tara's room. I'm going to check the Fair.
TARA!!!
By force of heart, and mindful power, By waning time and waxing hour...
I echo Diana, um, when I decree... what is it... what is it...
No...NOO! That she I love must now be...
Free. TARA!! NOOOOO!
Tara! Are you okay?
Tara, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
Can't she go home now?
Does she have to? I can take care of her at home.
(quietly) She's my everything.
I'm so scared.
'Bye Tara. I'll see you tomorrow. I love you.
Yeah, I know. But it's a whole night and I don't think I can sleep without her.
Yes, there is.
You saw what she did to Tara. I can't let her get away with it.
But maybe I am.
It's not your choice, Buffy; it's mine.
(hot) When, Buffy? When is? When <u>you</u> feel like it? When it's someone <u>you</u> love like I love Tara? When it's Dawn, is that it Buffy?
Fine. I'll wait.
Yeah.
Just let me be alone.
Kali, Hera, Kronos, Tonic...
Air like nectar thick as Onyx... Cassiel by your second star...
Hold mine victim, as in tar!
I. Owe. You. Pain.
Shatter!
(grim) Bag of knives.
(weak) Spirit of serpents now appear. Hissing, writhing, striking near.
(weak) No...
(weakly) Thicken.
Right here.
What's Tara got?
We'll just start a little slow today, okay? Buffy, can I have that?
Okay, Darling...
There we go. Yeah, that's my girl. It's okay. I'm right here.
I don't know... They gave me a lot of stuff to keep her calm. They said I might need to restrain her at night, but... Sometimes she's fine, she looks at me and she's fine.
It's okay. I can do this. I'm gonna take care of her. Even if she never... She's my girl.
I know you do.
Hear that, baby? You're my always.