I'll just get that...
Dawn left those here...
Mom's still not a hundred percent, and I guess I haven't really been taking up the slack...
About Glory?
Arrive? They're coming here? Now? Why do they have to come here?
Yes. Phones! I'd like them to phone!
Yes! They're scary and horrible!
Giles, I don't want them here. I don't trust them. Make them not come here.
They put me through that thing, that test and almost killed me and then, when I was Faith, they almost killed me again. Honestly, I cannot handle more almost being killed right now!
It's not just that. They're going to screw things up. Everything's kinda delicate right now. There's, you know, Dawn to take care of...
Right, right. I mean it's a dangerous time. Glory is out there somewhere and I don't want the council distracting me...
(yelled) Dawn! Are you listening?
She was listening.
I don't know. It's just... sometimes we say stuff... I guess it's okay. Giles, you were saying something.
Nearly impossible?
About the killing of him... I mean these guys, they poisoned him and they beat him and they shot him.  And he didn't die-
But there are reported sightings of him as late as the 1930's, aren't there?
I'm not implying, I'm only saying... What if the reports were true and the books were wrong? I mean-
There was near consensus about Columbus too, until someone asked the Vikings what they were up to in the 1400's and they were like - "discovering this America-shaped continent."
I just think, you know, it might be interesting to come at it from a different perspective...
No, I only meant-
(mocking the prof) "Young lady." "Miss Summers."
"Take a bow, Miss Summers."
Spike! Why did you do that?
Gratitude?! For getting in my way?
I was regrouping.
I didn't need you. I never need you, Spike.
I don't need a boyfriend. To rescue me or for any other reason.
You're disgusting.
You know, Spike, the more I get to know you, the more I wish I didn't.
Bad day. Bad, bad day.
Mr. Travers.
You mean, like, right now? 'Cause, already had my recommended daily dose of fights tonight.
A Vampire. Spike dusted him.
(quickly) I was regrouping.
Talk to my friends?
You've got to be kidding.
Sorry. <u>Who</u> are you?
Giles-
You can't do that. You don't have that kind of power.
(stunned) What?
I'm guessing they do. Big power outage in Buffy County.
Giles, that guy Travers, he's like sixty something years old. I can't hit him. (beat) Can I?
Can they really do the stuff they threatened to do? Kick you out of the country?
Giles? Am I going to get through this thing? This review?
I'm not worried about that. I know I can do that. It's the other stuff. Examining decisions I've made. I mean, twice now I've let myself get within Slaying-distance of Glory and twice she's kicked my ass without ever tensing a muscle. And I haven't been able to figure out what she is or anything about her except that she wants the key which I have and I can't even figure out if it's okay for me to tell anyone that!
But no one else is going to be asked all these questions I can't answer. They're going to expect me to be like... like a Slayer, like I should know stuff. But I'm just me and I don't know anything. Then they're going to go away and never tell me about how to fight Glory and I won't be able to protect Dawn.
Also smart. They picked the perfect thing. I can't lose you too. I need you.
I need to get ready. Tell me what you think it'll be like. How do you think they'll start?
(nervous) What came after agility?
Protect the dummy.
Wait... instructions?
Japanese?!
Just like that? Go? In America we work our way up to "go."
Thanks Giles!
Know what? I'm gonna have to do this my way, guys.
I didn't mean to... I can do better. I think I'm getting this inner-ear infection and maybe if I get a note I could try again later...?
Oh good. Head stuff.
Mom?
What do you want?
Glad you think so.
Leave her out of this.
This is between you and me.
She doesn't know anything.
(to Dawn) Go upstairs.
(eyes on the door) Pack a bag.
I need your help.
I'm serious. (sotto, intense) You have to look after them.
(caught) No, I...
No...
I need an answer. Now. In or out, Spike? (beat) You're... the only one strong enough to protect them.
I'll find the money. (then) I can't handle this alone.
Mom, keep Dawn here as long as you can. I'll be back soon as I can.
I know I don't have to tell you this, but...
Crap.
Guys? Is there any way we could not do this?
All right, let's see...
...what you are.
Okay - who are you?
(whoa) What "army..."
You work for Glory?
You're the ones, tried killing me.
(softly, to herself) You'd send a thousand...
Go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There isn't going to be a review.
No review. No interrogation, no questions you know I can't answer, no hoops, no jumps...
...and no interruptions. (to them all) See I've had a lot of people talking at me, last few days. People just lining up to tell me how unimportant I am. And I finally figured out why.
Power. I have it. They don't. This bothers them. (strolls about a bit) Glory came to my house today--
--Just to talk. Tell me I'm a bug, I'm a flea, she could squash me in a second... Only she didn't squash me. She came to my house and she talked. We had what in her warped brain probably passes for a civilized conversation. Why? Because she needs something from me. Because I have power over her. (to the various Watchers) You didn't come all the way from England to determine whether I'm good enough to be "let back in." You came to beg me to let <b>you</b> back in. To give your jobs, your lives, some semblance of meaning again.
(eyeballing him) I'm fairly certain I said no interruptions.
You're Watchers. And without a Slayer you're pretty much just watching Masterpiece Theatre. You can't stop Glory. You can't do anything with the information you have on her except publish it in the "Everyone Thinks We're Insano's Home Journal." So here's how it's going to work. You're gonna tell me everything you know. Then you're gonna go away. You'll contact me if and when you have more information. The magic shop will stay open, and Mr. Giles will stay here as my official watcher, reinstated at full salary.
--to be paid retroactively from the month he was fired. I'll continue my work, with the help of my friends...
I'm talking about two powerful witches and a thousand year old ex-demon.
"The Boy"s clocked more field time than all of you combined. He's part of the unit.
(to all the Watchers) You may all be very good at your jobs. The only way you're ever gonna find out is if you work with me. You can all take your time thinking about that, but I want an answer right now from Quentin. (turning to him) 'Cause I think he's understanding me.
See? No begging.
Just a minute.
Glory. I wanna know.
I just want to know what kind of demon I'm fighting.
What is she?
Oh.