It's all right, Buffy. I know this meeting is short notice.
Yes, we are here for a reason...
I've had some rather... I've had some news. It seems that the Council of Watchers has found some information that may help us out.
Presumably. We'll find out when they arrive. It could be quite important.
They come across a little, well, a little hard-nosed, but they do share our agenda. They want to save the world, kill the demons...
They're probably already on the way. Our old friend Quentin Travers is heading up a delegation.
Just that if the Council knows something about Glory, her agenda, her origins, then maybe it will help us get a grip on what we're dealing with. Because, right now, I think we're a little lost.
Now, if you're serious about these, ma'am, you need to be careful. Measure precisely and please, don't skip ahead...
Quentin. I didn't realize you were here.
It's been a while. I see you've brought some of your colleagues with you. Would you like to introduce us?
Certainly, certainly. Well, this is the shop, obviously. It's been an interesting transition into the retail world, but I think it's going rather well. I can give you the grand tour, if you'd like.
Yes, well. I do limit my time here, of course. Buffy and I train a great deal these days. There's a back room that we've had fitted out...
I'm very careful.
I'm sorry. Who are you?
(trying for the joke) In that case I've severely underpriced it.
What? What is just for the duration--
(to Travers) You knew you were going to do this before you even saw the place--
What "review"? Quentin, let's stop for a moment and talk about this...
Anya, go. You don't need to talk to him. (to Travers) She works for me.
Tell me about this review. No one said anything to me about this.
(to the members) You can all just stand around and look somber. (beat) Good job.
You used to pay me. If you recall, firing me was not my idea.
I don't want to put Buffy through another one of your insane tests...
I think it should be enough that I vouch for her. You can trust her. Buffy has come very far recently. She's acquired a remarkable focus.
...we've been developing a sort of hybrid fighting style. I can outline her progress for you and I think you'll see that your review isn't strictly needed...
Did you then? Very good! Very good. Tell us about it.
They may be staying slightly longer than I anticipated.
They're a little tight-lipped with the introductions.
Yes, that's a very comforting, bloodless way to look at it, isn't it?
Resisting your recommendations? She fails if we don't do whatever you say? How much under your thumb do you think we are?
She's not your bloody "instrument"! You've got no right to do any of this!
And now you're using this bloke to try to shut me up? I knew you were all thugs at heart.
It's a power play, is what it is. It's all about who has the power.
I should've set you loose on 'em, that's what I should've done.
I suppose not. But I bloody well could. Think I will.
In a hot second.
They're all right when it comes to the rough stuff, a little ham-handed but they get it done. But this stuff, bureaucracy, pulling political strings, paperwork... this is where they're the best in the world. They can kill you with a stroke of the pen. Poncy buggers.
Well, they can make it as difficult as they wish, I suppose. The physical tests could be quite a challenge.
Buffy, no one else could have done any better.
Buffy, Buffy. Calm down. The scandal here isn't anything you've done wrong. It's the way they're behaving, holding what they know hostage. With a gun pointed at my bleedin' green card no less. It's humiliating.
Thank you.
If you want her to attack the dummy, I can assure you-
He wants you to bow. Take a bow.
Punch him!
Sorry.
Back-kick! Elbow soup?-Elbow strike!
I've been training her to win.
Buffy will be here, I assure you.
Was there an attack..?
Buffy, are you all--
(coughs into his hand:) --retroactive--
Well, it's not that, during working hours--
(starting to rise) I suppose a few of us wouldn't mind a--