BUFFY: I'll just get that...
XANDER: Sorry I'm late. (re: cast) This thing makes driving an adventure in steering.
BUFFY: Dawn left those here...
GILES: It's all right, Buffy. I know this meeting is short notice.
BUFFY: Mom's still not a hundred percent, and I guess I haven't really been taking up the slack...
WILLOW: The place looks fine, Buffy.
XANDER: There's, like, a sweater under the sofa.
XANDER: (off Willow's look) Well, I can't get it. Your troll broke my wrist.
WILLOW: <u>My</u> troll?
XANDER: That must've belonged to... (realizes) Um... aren't we s'posed to have a meeting?
GILES: Yes, we are here for a reason...
WILLOW: (under her breath) I didn't create the troll... I didn't date the troll... (starting to have fun) In fact I hate the troll. I helped deflate the troll- (off Xander's look) All done.
GILES: I've had some rather... I've had some news. It seems that the Council of Watchers has found some information that may help us out.
BUFFY: About Glory?
GILES: Presumably. We'll find out when they arrive. It could be quite important.
BUFFY: Arrive? They're coming here? Now? Why do they have to come here?
XANDER: Yeah, don't they have phones? Hallo, Buffy, here's some stuff we know, pip pip.
BUFFY: Yes. Phones! I'd like them to phone!
TARA: What's so bad about them coming here? Aren't they good guys? I mean, Watchers, that's just like whole other Gileses, right?
BUFFY: Yes! They're scary and horrible!
GILES: They come across a little, well, a little hard-nosed, but they do share our agenda. They want to save the world, kill the demons...
ANYA: Kill the current demons, right? <u>Current</u> demons.
BUFFY: Giles, I don't want them here. I don't trust them. Make them not come here.
GILES: They're probably already on the way. Our old friend Quentin Travers is heading up a delegation.
BUFFY: They put me through that thing, that test and almost killed me and then, when I was Faith, they almost killed me again. Honestly, I cannot handle more almost being killed right now!
ANYA: I don't like the sound of this. They don't sound ex-demon compatible.
TARA: Are you sure they're English? (aside to Willow) I thought English people were gentler than normal people.
WILLOW: Maybe they won't be so bad this time. I mean, Buffy, they did think you were Faith last time. Now that they know  you're just you... maybe they won't care enough to kill you.
BUFFY: It's not just that. They're going to screw things up. Everything's kinda delicate right now. There's, you know, Dawn to take care of...
XANDER: Yeah, but that's not new. You always take care of her.
BUFFY: Right, right. I mean it's a dangerous time. Glory is out there somewhere and I don't want the council distracting me...
JOYCE: Dawn, honey, what are you doing up at this hour? Go back to bed.
DAWN: I was just getting a snack.
BUFFY: (yelled) Dawn! Are you listening?
BUFFY: She was listening.
WILLOW: Does it matter? I mean is she really gonna set the Junior High buzzing with "There's a delegation a-comin'?"
BUFFY: I don't know. It's just... sometimes we say stuff... I guess it's okay. Giles, you were saying something.
GILES: Just that if the Council knows something about Glory, her agenda, her origins, then maybe it will help us get a grip on what we're dealing with. Because, right now, I think we're a little lost.
JINX: Mistress - at last we've found one.
DREG: Hurry.
MAILMAN: Oh God - please, don't hurt me. I'm begging you. Just let me go, I swear I won't tell anyone.
DREG: (to Jinx) Help her.
JINX: We are here for you, great one.
DREG: Drink.
MAILMAN: W-what is this? What the hell are you things doing to...
MAILMAN: MeeeEEEE!!!
GLORY: No, I'm good. It's okay.
MAILMAN: (to himself) I know, you're all always looking at me, I can tell, always tell I can see...
GLORY: Try not cutting things so close next time. Understood?
DREG: We live to serve.
JINX: As always.
GLORY: Cool. Okay, take this mess out with the rest of the trash. And you.
GLORY: Got something to tell me?
JINX: (nods) Indeed, Glorificus.
GLORY: And I'm waiting...
JINX: We have found that the signs of alignment are moving... faster than expected.
GLORY: Meaning...
JINX: If you are to use the Key - you must act quickly.
GLORY: Fine.
GLORY: I've been cooling my heels in this crappy little town long enough. Sunnydale's got too many demons, and not enough retail outlets.
JINX: All you need is the Key...
GLORY: Yeah... And I'll bet Mousy the Vampire Slayer has an idea where it is.
GLORY: That bitch knows more than she's letting on, I can feel it.
JINX: If I may remind your eminence: (small) ... You don't have much time.
GLORY: Baby. If that girl's the only thing between me and my Key? I don't <i>need</i> much time.
GILES: Now, if you're serious about these, ma'am, you need to be careful. Measure precisely and please, don't skip ahead...
TRAVERS: He's right.
TRAVERS: You wouldn't want to do anything dangerous. (looking at the book) Turn the wrong person into a badger...
GILES: Quentin. I didn't realize you were here.
TRAVERS: Evidently.
GILES: It's been a while. I see you've brought some of your colleagues with you. Would you like to introduce us?
TRAVERS: First I thought you and I could catch up.
GILES: Certainly, certainly. Well, this is the shop, obviously. It's been an interesting transition into the retail world, but I think it's going rather well. I can give you the grand tour, if you'd like.
TRAVERS: That's all right. I think I can see what you've been up to.
GILES: Yes, well. I do limit my time here, of course. Buffy and I train a great deal these days. There's a back room that we've had fitted out...
TRAVERS: Hmm. I thought perhaps you needed that space for the really dangerous items that should be kept out of the public's hands. Or maybe you don't worry about that.
GILES: I'm very careful.
NIGEL: Most of this stuff couldn't hurt anyone. Dimestore trinkets, incense... but there are some things...
GILES: I'm sorry. Who are you?
LYDIA: There are some very potent elements here: focusing crystals, runic artifacts, an amulet of Caldys. Also, this statue... (holds it up) Its removal from Burma is a felony and when triggered it has the power to melt human eyeballs.
GILES: (trying for the joke) In that case I've severely underpriced it.
TRAVERS: Giles... I'm sorry. This is just for the duration of our stay, but I think you see why...
GILES: What? What is just for the duration--
NIGEL: Magic Box shoppers, we are going to have to ask you to leave. The store is closing early today.
PHILLIP: (to the customer) Terribly sorry for the inconvenience.
ANYA: Hey! Giles, what are they doing? Customers, please bring your money back!
GILES: (to Travers) You knew you were going to do this before you even saw the place--
TRAVERS: I'm sorry. But it is just for the duration of the Council's review.
ANYA: The Council? You're the Council?
ANYA: Welcome to the store. We're closed now and I'll be in the other room.
GILES: What "review"? Quentin, let's stop for a moment and talk about this...
TRAVERS: You, miss, you work here?
ANYA: Yes. I do. Ever since I moved here from south-eastern Indiana where I was raised by a mother and a father.
TRAVERS: You sell these... items? To whomever wishes to buy them?
ANYA: No. Only to people with money.
GILES: Anya, go. You don't need to talk to him. (to Travers) She works for me.
GILES: Tell me about this review. No one said anything to me about this.
GILES: (to the members) You can all just stand around and look somber. (beat) Good job.
TRAVERS: You used to respect us, Giles.  Used to be one of us.
GILES: You used to pay me. If you recall, firing me was not my idea.
TRAVERS: Touche. But you were on the inside once, and you know what kind of resources we command. We have discovered information about this creature... your "Glory." Some of it is clearly vital. The rest of it is merely extremely disturbing. And none of it will be handed over until we know that you and your Slayer are prepared for it. Thus the review.
GILES: I don't want to put Buffy through another one of your insane tests...
TRAVERS: It's not a test. It's a check of her methods. We need to know that this information is safe.
GILES: I think it should be enough that I vouch for her. You can trust her. Buffy has come very far recently. She's acquired a remarkable focus.
ROBERTS: ...Now, Rasputin <u>was</u> associated with a certain obscure religious sect. They held the bizarre tenet that in order to be forgiven, one first had to sin. Rasputin embraced the doctrine and proceeded to sin impressively and repeatedly. The notion that he was in fact "evil" gained strength years later when the conspirators who set out to kill him found it nearly impossible to do so.
BUFFY: Nearly impossible?
ROBERTS: I'm sorry? There was a question?
ROBERTS: Miss Summers. Of course.
BUFFY: About the killing of him... I mean these guys, they poisoned him and they beat him and they shot him.  And he didn't die-
ROBERTS: Until they rolled his body in a carpet and drowned him in a canal.
BUFFY: But there are reported sightings of him as late as the 1930's, aren't there?
ROBERTS: There are <u>reported</u> sightings of pink elephants and little green men, but they don't bear mentioning in a history class. What exactly are you implying?
BUFFY: I'm not implying, I'm only saying... What if the reports were true and the books were wrong? I mean-
ROBERTS: (cutting her off) I assure you, there's near consensus in the academic community regarding Rasputin's death-
BUFFY: There was near consensus about Columbus too, until someone asked the Vikings what they were up to in the 1400's and they were like - "discovering this America-shaped continent."
BUFFY: I just think, you know, it might be interesting to come at it from a different perspective...
ROBERTS: Well, I'm sorry that these <u>facts</u> are so boring for you, Ms. Summers. Maybe you feel I should step aside so you can teach your own course. Speculation 101, perhaps. Intro to Fights of Fancy...
BUFFY: No, I only meant-
ROBERTS: What was it you were on about last week? The mysterious sleeping patterns of the Prussian generals?
ROBERTS: Now. Some of us are here to learn. Believe it or not, we're interested in the way things actually happened. We call it "studying history." (then) You can sit down now. Unless you have anything else to add, Professor.
BUFFY: (mocking the prof) "Young lady." "Miss Summers."
BUFFY: "Take a bow, Miss Summers."
VAMPIRE: (genuinely confused) Who are you talking to?
BUFFY: Spike! Why did you do that?
SPIKE: Not for money, if that's what you think. Your heartfelt gratitude is plenty. 'Spect I'll be getting that any moment now.
BUFFY: Gratitude?! For getting in my way?
SPIKE: Getting in your way? I saved you!
BUFFY: I was regrouping.
SPIKE: You were about to be regrouped into separate piles. You needed help.
BUFFY: I didn't need you. I never need you, Spike.
SPIKE: Oh, I get it. You just don't like who did the rescuing, that's all. Wishin' I was your boyfriend what's-his-height. Oh wait, he's run off.
BUFFY: I don't need a boyfriend. To rescue me or for any other reason.
SPIKE: Don't need? Or can't keep? You keep making notches on the headboard, but eventually they get out of bed and run away, don't they?
BUFFY: You're disgusting.
SPIKE: Rough talk. Maybe that's what your problem is, you push 'em away? Or is it the other - maybe you cling too much? Or p'rhaps it's even simpler. Check your breath lately? Or maybe the beauty's fading. The stress of Slaying aging you prematurely. Things not like they used to be... not as high, not as firm.
BUFFY: You know, Spike, the more I get to know you, the more I wish I didn't.
SPIKE: ...Or maybe you just don't hold their interest.
JINX: Begging permission to speak with you.
BEN: Don't touch me, you're crusty. What do you want?
JINX: Not me. The magnificent Glory. She wants. She wants more information on the Slayer. She knows you know her.
BEN: The Slayer? I don't know any Slayer. Get away from me. You shouldn't be here.
JINX: Oh, I believe you do, sir. She's short, symmetrical, hair on top... Buffy something-
BEN: Buffy Summers is the Slayer?
JINX: That's the one. Very clever of you.
BEN: I knew she was strong - the Slayer. I didn't think a Slayer would be so- How does Glory know this?
JINX: I do not know. I was not there. But the beauteous Glory said for you to tell us, please. Where her dwelling is, who her friends are...
BEN: Why? So Glory can find her? Do something to her? Why would I do that?
JINX: I don't know, sir. She just said to tell you to do it for her. That was her message.
BEN: Well, I've got a message for Glory too.
GILES: ...we've been developing a sort of hybrid fighting style. I can outline her progress for you and I think you'll see that your review isn't strictly needed...
BUFFY: Bad day. Bad, bad day.
TRAVERS: Miss Summers!
TRAVERS: Good to see you again.
BUFFY: Mr. Travers.
TRAVERS: Giles was just telling us about your training regimen. Perhaps you'll favor us with a demonstration while we're here.
BUFFY: You mean, like, right now? 'Cause, already had my recommended daily dose of fights tonight.
GILES: Did you then? Very good! Very good. Tell us about it.
BUFFY: A Vampire. Spike dusted him.
BUFFY: (quickly) I was regrouping.
TRAVERS: Well, I wouldn't worry about doing anything for us tonight. No need to rush you.
GILES: They may be staying slightly longer than I anticipated.
TRAVERS: We've already laid out our project for Mr. Giles. Nigel...
NIGEL: It's an exhaustive review of your procedures and abilities. We'll observe your training, talk to your friends...
BUFFY: Talk to my friends?
TRAVERS: Yes. We understand you're still taking civilians along on your patrols-
BUFFY: You've got to be kidding.
NIGEL: He's not kidding. He's a very serious man.
BUFFY: Sorry. <u>Who</u> are you?
GILES: They're a little tight-lipped with the introductions.
TRAVERS: Miss Summers- Buffy, I can sense your resistance. I don't blame you, but I think your watcher hasn't reminded you lately of the relative status of the players in our little game. The Council fights evil. The Slayer is the instrument with which we fight. The Council remains. The Slayers... change. It's been that way from the beginning.
GILES: Yes, that's a very comforting, bloodless way to look at it, isn't it?
TRAVERS: Giles, let me talk to Buffy. Because I think she's understanding me. (to Buffy) Glory is stronger than you. She's a more powerful instrument, if you will. But we can help you. We have information that will help. Pass the review and we give it to you without reservation. Fail the review, either through incompetence or by resisting our recommendations-
GILES: Resisting your recommendations? She fails if we don't do whatever you say? How much under your thumb do you think we are?
TRAVERS: How much do you want our help?
GILES: She's not your bloody "instrument"! You've got no right to do any of this!
BUFFY: Giles-
GILES: And now you're using this bloke to try to shut me up? I knew you were all thugs at heart.
TRAVERS: Calm down. Calm down. I understand that you feel this is unfair.
TRAVERS: But there are factors which should motivate you to go along with the review. I don't want to do this, but obviously, we could shut this place down permanently.
BUFFY: You can't do that. You don't have that kind of power.
TRAVERS: Of course we do. And a great deal more. In face, if you insist on fighting us - we'll arrange to have Mr. Giles deported within the day. Never set foot in this country again.
BUFFY: (stunned) What?
TRAVERS: Perhaps you're used to idle threats and sloppy discipline, Ms. Summers, but you're dealing with grown ups now. (then) Am I making myself clear?
GLORY: Jinx? If you and Dreg have been using my moisturizer again I'm going to have to rip off your scaly- hey, what's the deal with your face?
JINX: It's a message.
GLORY: It looks more like an enormous lumpy bruise. Does this hurt?
JINX: Very much.
GLORY: Huh.
JINX: It's a message from Ben. He isn't going to help.
GLORY: He isn't going... He isn't going to <u>help</u>? All he needs to do is hand over that tiny squirming Slayer girl! I have business to do with her! If she knows where to start looking for my Key... Arrrh! Why won't he help? He knows her, he could go to her, he could talk to her, hell, he could seduce her and <u>bang</u> the Key out of her.
JINX: He's quite attractive.
GLORY: Well of course he's attractive, but he drives me insane. You know what I mean?
JINX: He drives you insane.
GLORY: (as if it's a new concept) Yes! That's it exactly!
GLORY: Sweet lumpy minion, you're the only one that understands. Probably 'cause I haven't sucked the brain out of you yet. He makes me so mad! If I could just get my hands on him, you know?
GILES: It's a power play, is what it is. It's all about who has the power.
BUFFY: I'm guessing they do. Big power outage in Buffy County.
GILES: I should've set you loose on 'em, that's what I should've done.
BUFFY: Giles, that guy Travers, he's like sixty something years old. I can't hit him. (beat) Can I?
GILES: I suppose not. But I bloody well could. Think I will.
BUFFY: Can they really do the stuff they threatened to do? Kick you out of the country?
GILES: In a hot second.
GILES: They're all right when it comes to the rough stuff, a little ham-handed but they get it done. But this stuff, bureaucracy, pulling political strings, paperwork... this is where they're the best in the world. They can kill you with a stroke of the pen. Poncy buggers.
BUFFY: Giles? Am I going to get through this thing? This review?
GILES: Well, they can make it as difficult as they wish, I suppose. The physical tests could be quite a challenge.
BUFFY: I'm not worried about that. I know I can do that. It's the other stuff. Examining decisions I've made. I mean, twice now I've let myself get within Slaying-distance of Glory and twice she's kicked my ass without ever tensing a muscle. And I haven't been able to figure out what she is or anything about her except that she wants the key which I have and I can't even figure out if it's okay for me to tell anyone that!
GILES: Buffy, no one else could have done any better.
BUFFY: But no one else is going to be asked all these questions I can't answer. They're going to expect me to be like... like a Slayer, like I should know stuff. But I'm just me and I don't know anything. Then they're going to go away and never tell me about how to fight Glory and I won't be able to protect Dawn.
GILES: Buffy, Buffy. Calm down. The scandal here isn't anything you've done wrong. It's the way they're behaving, holding what they know hostage. With a gun pointed at my bleedin' green card no less. It's humiliating.
BUFFY: Also smart. They picked the perfect thing. I can't lose you too. I need you.
GILES: Thank you.
BUFFY: I need to get ready. Tell me what you think it'll be like. How do you think they'll start?
ANYA: Anya Christina Emmanuella Jenkins. Twenty years old. Born on the fourth of July, and don't think there weren't jokes about that my whole life, mister, 'cause there were. "Who's our little patriot?" they'd say when I was younger and therefore smaller and shorter than I am now. And when I was seven, I had a pet dachshund that died from chocking on a wiener, which I find ironic.
PHILLIP: So... you spell it A-N-Y-A, then?
ANYA: Yes.
PHILLIP: Fine. Now we can get to the questions.
WILLOW: Questions. Great.
TARA: We can answer questions.
NIGEL: Well, I'd like to know a little bit more about the Slayer and about both of you. Your relationship, whatever you can tell me.
TARA: Our relationship?
WILLOW: We're... friends.
TARA: Good friends.
WILLOW: Girlfriends, actually.
TARA: Yes. We're girlfriends.
WILLOW: (stronger) We're in love. Lovers. We're gay lesbian-type lovers.
NIGEL: (expressionless) I meant your relationship with the Slayer.
TARA: Um... just good friends.
XANDER: Best friends. Willow and me and Buffy - the three of us have been together from the beginning. We've always gone on patrols and done demon research with her and everything.
PHILLIP: Have you mastered any fighting disciplines over the years?
XANDER: No. But I did get a whole lot of knowledge about the military...
XANDER: ...and then I lost it.
PHILLIP: So you have no special skills or powers or knowledge that you bring to the mix. Neither of you.
ANYA: Just enthusiasm for killing the demons. Go deadness for the demons!
XANDER: I don't have powers, but I do help.
PHILLIP: How? Be specific.
ANYA: He recently tried to reason with a troll. However, the troll was ultimately unreasonable. (confidentially) Broke his wrist.
XANDER: Oh! Last year, Willow and Giles and me combined our essences with Buffy. Which isn't as weird as it sounds. (proudly) We merged and I was the heart-part of a super-Buffy. Again, let me stress the not-as-weird thing. I'm told it was all very professional.
PHILLIP: Are you saying that the Slayer needs that level of help from you often?
WILLOW: (rushed) No! No, she doesn't need help!
TARA: She'd be fine without us. Sometimes she goes off and does stuff and doesn't even tell us.
WILLOW: Not that she's like, a weird loner or anything.
TARA: I'm not sure we're saying this right.
WILLOW: See, here's the thing. We can help because we do magicks. I'm working on this ball of sunshine thing. See, I have this theory-
TARA: It's very cool-
WILLOW: If it works, much easier slaying for Buffy. Not that it's hard for her now-
NIGEL: Interesting. What level are you at?
TARA: Level?
NIGEL: Magical proficiency level.
WILLOW: Oh, a high level. Very high. One of those... top... levels.
TARA: Five.
WILLOW: (mouthed to Tara) Five?
NIGEL: And you're registered as practicing witches under the names as you gave them to me?
TARA: R... r... registered?
WILLOW: Yes! Yes, of course we're r... r...
TARA: Registered.
PHILLIP: Do either of you know anything about the Key?
ANYA: Nope. Sounds demon-y to me. I don't hold with that demon nonsense. Muffin? I cooked them myself!
PHILLIP: So Buffy sometimes protects you from dangerous elements of her work?
XANDER: Yes! She'd never let us get hurt.
ANYA: Other than the wrist.
XANDER: She's saved my life lots of times!
PHILLIP: What amount of the Slayer's time would you estimate she spends saving you or her other friends?
ANYA: Seventy-eight.
XANDER: Anya! (then) Forty? No! No! Wait, that's not the way to look at it. I don't know if you guys are worried about what Buffy's doing to us or what we're doing to her or whatever, but I can promise you that none of us would ever do anything to put her in danger. We couldn't.
SPIKE: That's right.
LYDIA: But you are a vampire.
SPIKE: If I'm not, I'm gonna be pissed about drinking all that blood.
LYDIA: So it's this chip in your head that keeps you from hurting people.
SPIKE: My goodness, you put that together all on your own? That's right. Leastways that's what I've got 'em all believing.
SPIKE: Could just be a hoax, though. I fake some headaches, everyone gets used to poor helpless Spike. Then one day, no warning, I snap a spine, bend a head back, drain 'em dry. Brilliant.
LYDIA: The chip. Assuming it exists. It takes away the... ability. But it leaves... leaves the...
SPIKE: Desire? Yeah, I've got tons of that.
LYDIA: Um... but we understand that you help the Slayer.
SPIKE: I pitch in when she pays me.
LYDIA: She <u>pays</u> you? She gives you money?
SPIKE: Money, little nip of blood out of some stray victim, whatever.
LYDIA: Blood?
SPIKE: Sure, if they're gonna die anyway. Come to think of it though, that is a bit scandalous, innit? Personally, I'm shocked. The girl's slipping.
LYDIA: You've noticed a decline in her work?
SPIKE: Oh yeah. See, the poor little twig can't keep a man. Gets her all down. A few more disappointments, she'll be crying on my shoulder, mark my words.
LYDIA: Is that what you want? I'd think you want to kill her. You've killed slayers before...
SPIKE: Heard of me, have you?
LYDIA: (quietly) I wrote my thesis on you.
SPIKE: Well, well. Isn't that neat.
SPIKE: Tell me, pet, now we're such good friends... how's the Slayer doing? She okay? High marks in all categories?
TRAVERS: The Slayer must posses these qualities to do her job.
BUFFY: (nervous) What came after agility?
GILES: If you want her to attack the dummy, I can assure you-
TRAVERS: Phillip will attack the dummy. The Slayer's job is to protect it. Do you understand?
BUFFY: Protect the dummy.
TRAVERS: As if it were precious.
TRAVERS: Getting the best of Phillip will require agility. Listening to my instructions at the same time... that will demonstrate clarity. Stamina and strength will win the long fight. Good luck.
BUFFY: Wait... instructions?
TRAVERS: I'll be telling you what to do. How to counter Phillip's moves. We assume you're familiar with the Japanese names for Akido and Jujitsu moves.
BUFFY: Japanese?!
LYDIA: And... go!
BUFFY: Just like that? Go? In America we work our way up to "go."
TRAVERS: Shomen-ni-rei.
GILES: He wants you to bow. Take a bow.
TRAVERS: Shomen-zuki!
GILES: Punch him!
BUFFY: Thanks Giles!
GILES: Sorry.
TRAVERS: Ushiro-geri! Empi-uchi!
GILES: Back-kick! Elbow soup?-Elbow strike!
TRAVERS: (to Giles) How have you been training her?
GILES: I've been training her to win.
BUFFY: Know what? I'm gonna have to do this my way, guys.
NIGEL: Oh!
PHILLIP: I think she broke my rib.
TRAVERS: Well.
BUFFY: I didn't mean to... I can do better. I think I'm getting this inner-ear infection and maybe if I get a note I could try again later...?
TRAVERS: That's all right. I don't think we need to see any more physical tests for a while. We can move on to the real review. Look into your strategies and plans, figure out what's going on in that head.
BUFFY: Oh good. Head stuff.
TRAVERS: We start at seven tonight. Give you time to... well, however you prepare.
BUFFY: Mom?
GLORY: Long day, Sweetie?
TWO: 
GLORY: So this is where the Slayer eats and sleeps and combs her hair. So <i>cute</i>. I can't even stand it.
GLORY: Personally, I need more space, but this is good for you. It's so quaint and...
GLORY: (mock scolding) Tsk. Buf-fee....
GLORY: If I wanted to fight, you could tell by the being dead already.
GLORY: So play nice, little girl.
BUFFY: What do you want?
GLORY: The Key. Why else do you think I'd come here? See, I think you know where the Key is.
BUFFY: Glad you think so.
GLORY: Well, it is the only thing keeping you alive right now. 'Cause you may be tiny Queen in Vampire World, but to me? You're a bug.
DAWN: (silent, mouthing) "What?"
GLORY: You should get down on your knees, and worship me.
GLORY: But you still thinks it's "neat" having Slayer strength. Ooh, big deal, stronger than humans. Phht. Who <i>isn't</i>?
GLORY: I could crush the life from you as easy as you'd break a nail. But I need the Key. (suddenly) Kid.
GLORY: C'mere a sec.
BUFFY: Leave her out of this.
GLORY: Not asking twice...
BUFFY: This is between you and me.
GLORY: (mock patience) No... this is between me and my Key. You just happen to be the thing in the way.
GLORY: And you - are just the darlinest think I ever did see in my life. What's your name, honey?
DAWN: Dawn.
GLORY: <i>Dawn</i>. Did you know your sister took my Key, Dawnie? And she won't give it back. Bet you know where she put it, don't you?
BUFFY: She doesn't know anything.
DAWN: I know some stuff.
GLORY: Bet she takes your things all the time without asking, huh? Where's my Key, Dawn?
BUFFY: (to Dawn) Go upstairs.
DAWN: You're always talking about stuff I'm not supposed to hear. I'm gonna figure it out, you know!
GLORY: I like her, she's sassy. (beat) And I'll kill her. Kill your Mom. Kill your friends. Make you watch when I do. (shrugs) Just give me the Key. Either you have it, or you know where to find it.
GLORY: Obviously, this is a one-time only deal. Next time we meet, something you love dies bloody. You know you can't take me. You know you can't stop me.
GLORY: Oh. And the next time you have guests? Little plate of sugar cookies. I'm just saying.
JOYCE: Buffy, who was that?
BUFFY: (eyes on the door) Pack a bag.
SPIKE: Aah! (then, relaxing) Oh, it's the Slayer. For a second there I was worried.
SPIKE: So, what can I do you for?
BUFFY: I need your help.
SPIKE: Great! I need your cash.
BUFFY: I'm serious. (sotto, intense) You have to look after them.
SPIKE: Well, that's a boatload of manly responsibility to come flying out of nowhere. What's the matter, Slayer? Not feeling a hundred percent?
BUFFY: (caught) No, I...
SPIKE: They didn't put a chip in your head, did they?
BUFFY: No...
SPIKE: Be funny if they did.
BUFFY: I need an answer. Now. In or out, Spike? (beat) You're... the only one strong enough to protect them.
SPIKE: What's in it for me? Mind, I've seen what your gratitude's like. I still prefer the Benjamins.
BUFFY: I'll find the money. (then) I can't handle this alone.
SPIKE: Hmm. Guess not. All right then. (to Joyce &amp; Dawn) Ladies. Come on in. Plenty of blood in the fridge, don't be shy.
DAWN: You mean like, real blood?
SPIKE: What do you think?
DAWN: Mostly I think, "Eew!"
BUFFY: Mom, keep Dawn here as long as you can. I'll be back soon as I can.
BUFFY: I know I don't have to tell you this, but...
SPIKE: Yeah, yeah... "anything happens to them, I'll stake you good and proper." Sing me a new one sometime, eh? That bit's gone stale.
JOYCE: I love what you've neglected to do with the place.
SPIKE: Just don't break anything and don't make a lot of noise - "Passions" is coming on.
JOYCE: "Passions?" Ooh, do you think Timmy's really dead?
SPIKE: No, no - she can just sew him back together. He's a doll, for God's sake.
JOYCE: What about the wedding? There's no way they're going through with that.
XANDER: Look at them. Big tough Council members, picking on the books.
WILLOW: Fascists.
TARA: Why doesn't Mr. Giles just boot 'em all out of here?
XANDER: 'Cause if they deport him, they're not just destroying his career - they're condemning the man to a lifetime diet of blood sausage, bangers and mash.
TRAVERS: Your Slayer is twenty minutes late and counting, Rupert.
GILES: Buffy will be here, I assure you.
TRAVERS: When?
BUFFY: Crap.
BUFFY: Guys? Is there any way we could not do this?
BUFFY: All right, let's see...
BUFFY: ...what you are.
ORLANDO: Go on, Slayer - kill me. But know that my death will only buy you more time.
BUFFY: Okay - who are you?
ORLANDO: One soldier in a vast army.
BUFFY: (whoa) What "army..."
ORLANDO: The Knights of Byzantium.  An ancient order. And now, your enemy.
BUFFY: You work for Glory?
ORLANDO: You think we ally ourselves with the Beast? You must be mad.
BUFFY: You're the ones, tried killing me.
ORLANDO: We were fools. (small laugh) Three alone. But if it takes a hundred men, we send the hundred. And if it takes a thousand, we send them too. So long as you protect the Key, our brotherhood will never stop until we destroy it. And you.
BUFFY: (softly, to herself) You'd send a thousand...
ORLANDO: You are the Slayer. We know what we must do. Now be done with it. Kill us, and let Legions follow.
BUFFY: Go.
TRAVERS: You're late.
BUFFY: Yeah.
GILES: Was there an attack..?
BUFFY: Yeah.
TRAVERS: Well. We can begin the review at last. We'll skip over the more obvious--
BUFFY: There isn't going to be a review.
TRAVERS: Sorry?
BUFFY: No review. No interrogation, no questions you know I can't answer, no hoops, no jumps...
BUFFY: ...and no interruptions. (to them all) See I've had a lot of people talking at me, last few days. People just lining up to tell me how unimportant I am. And I finally figured out why.
BUFFY: Power. I have it. They don't. This bothers them. (strolls about a bit) Glory came to my house today--
GILES: Buffy, are you all--
BUFFY: --Just to talk. Tell me I'm a bug, I'm a flea, she could squash me in a second... Only she didn't squash me. She came to my house and she talked. We had what in her warped brain probably passes for a civilized conversation. Why? Because she needs something from me. Because I have power over her. (to the various Watchers) You didn't come all the way from England to determine whether I'm good enough to be "let back in." You came to beg me to let <b>you</b> back in. To give your jobs, your lives, some semblance of meaning again.
NIGEL: Oh, this is beyond insolence--
BUFFY: (eyeballing him) I'm fairly certain I said no interruptions.
XANDER: (quietly) That was excellent.
BUFFY: You're Watchers. And without a Slayer you're pretty much just watching Masterpiece Theatre. You can't stop Glory. You can't do anything with the information you have on her except publish it in the "Everyone Thinks We're Insano's Home Journal." So here's how it's going to work. You're gonna tell me everything you know. Then you're gonna go away. You'll contact me if and when you have more information. The magic shop will stay open, and Mr. Giles will stay here as my official watcher, reinstated at full salary.
GILES: (coughs into his hand:) --retroactive--
BUFFY: --to be paid retroactively from the month he was fired. I'll continue my work, with the help of my friends...
LYDIA: I... I don't want a sword thrown at me, but civilians... we're talking about children.
BUFFY: I'm talking about two powerful witches and a thousand year old ex-demon.
ANYA: Willow's a DEMON?
PHILLIP: The boy? No power there.
BUFFY: "The Boy"s clocked more field time than all of you combined. He's part of the unit.
WILLOW: (to Xander, softly) That's Riley-speak.
XANDER: (quiet pride) I've clocked field time.
BUFFY: (to all the Watchers) You may all be very good at your jobs. The only way you're ever gonna find out is if you work with me. You can all take your time thinking about that, but I want an answer right now from Quentin. (turning to him) 'Cause I think he's understanding me.
TRAVERS: Your terms are acceptable.
TARA: Sorry. Sorry.
BUFFY: See? No begging.
TRAVERS: Rupert, when we inventoried your shop, we found a bottle of single malt scotch hidden behind the incense holders.
GILES: Well, it's not that, during working hours--
TRAVERS: I think I could use a glass.
GILES: (starting to rise) I suppose a few of us wouldn't mind a--
BUFFY: Just a minute.
BUFFY: Glory. I wanna know.
TRAVERS: There's a lot to go through...
BUFFY: I just want to know what kind of demon I'm fighting.
TRAVERS: Well, that's the thing. Glory isn't a demon.
BUFFY: What is she?
TRAVERS: She's a god.
BUFFY: Oh.