Took a patrol team forty-two minutes to track you, and you neutralized them in twenty-eight seconds... You're as good as Riley said.
I see. Well, still... (walking away) Very impressive.
So. You like our little operation?
Welcome to the Initiative. (hands her a badge) Your Visitor's pass. And I've assembled some reading material for you. Help bring you up to speed.
Oh, you can't take that home with you. Classified material. Highly sensitive. When you're through reading these pages, you'll have to eat them.
Don't worry; it doesn't happen often. Shall we?
Much of our hands on research with the HSTs is performed here. We call this the Pit.
They'll be under our control soon enough. (calling over) Dr. Angleman...
(to Buffy) He's head of our science team, a leader in the field of xenomorphic behavior modification.
We've made significant advancements reconditioning the sub-terrestrials. Bringing them to a point where they no longer pose a harmful threat.
The armory. You'll have to be cleared for use on each of these weapons. The more advanced arsenal can be complicated, but I'm certain, in no time, you'll pick that up.
Don't pick that up.
Roughly twenty-thousand dollars.
Also monitors the heart-rate of the wearer. A valuable tool for research in stress and combat conditioning. (then) If you'll follow me, I'll show you the HST containment area.
Now, there's just a few other things to give you--
Research area. Very restricted for security reasons.
Your security card and pager...
We're the only ones with the number. That's the way it stays.
Lose either one and there's hell to pay. And down here we mean that literally. (holding out her hand) Again, welcome to the team.
I'm not sure. She's... unpredictable.
Possibly.
And how's our baby doing today?
That's what I like to hear. (looking down, beaming) Almost time to wake up, Adam. And take your first look at the world.
I know you're going to make me proud.
This is your objective: Sub-T-67119 demon-class, Polgara species.
Though visual confirmation has not yet been made, we're confident of the target's approximate position as it leaves behind a distinct protein marker. Dr. Angleman will brief you on its defenses.
Buffy.
They do have keen eyesight, though. I'd think you'd want to be suited up for this.
Well why don't we just give Dr. Angleman our attention.
And save all questions until the end.
Oh. Well, then, Agent Finn, deploy the teams.
Report to TLs for assignments and weapon requisitions. Reminder: this is a zap and trap, people - capture, not a kill. Any questions?
(calling on her) Buffy.
I've instructed Beta Team to suspend pursuit of Hostile 17 until your arrival. I don't want any slip-ups, that's why I'm putting you in charge. (hands him paper) You're to rendezvous with them at these coordinates.
Riley...
Make me proud.
I think we've got a situation.
She's becoming a liability.
She knows it exists. And she already holds too much influence over Riley -- over Agent Finn.
(nodding) Right away.
(genuine regret) I know.
That's why sooner is better
It's better...
It's a small job, reconnaissance. Probably a waste of a slayer's abilities, but my boys are on assignment, and --
I doubt you'll get any on this one.
We've had readings of a Class 3 sub- terrestrial moving through the sewer tunnels here. (points) Just on the north edge of town.
Low level threat. Minimal aggression, meager defenses. They barely read on our scanners, and very occasionally turn out to be raccoons.
We always take precautions.
All I need is for you to get a visual on the thing. This'll feed us the image and I can advise you from there. I don't want to put you in any unnecessary danger.
Well, when you get back we'll have a talk. All right.
No.
(distraught) Riley. Something's happened. I... I don't know what to say... It's... It's about Buffy.
Two of our hostiles broke free and escaped into the tunnels. She went after them on her own. (then) She's dead, Riley.
I did everything I could to stop her. Told her to wait for a back-up team. She kept insisting she didn't need any team, she could handle it herself.
I'm so, so sorry.
I know how much you cared for her. She was a very, very special girl...
I was just beginning to... I didn't understand at first. But she had something.
I don't know... maybe I could've stopped her. It's hard not to blame myself--
(weakly) Riley...
(calling after him) Agent Finn, I order you to stop! Agent Finn! RILEY!!!
So... all right... fine... She wants a fight, we'll give her one, won't we, Adam?
Worked too long... too long... to let some little bitch threaten this project. Threaten me. She has no idea who she's dealing with... (then) Once she's gone Riley'll come around. He'll understand - it was for the greater good. He'll see that. And, if he doesn't... well...
First thing's first. Remove the complication. When she least expects i--Uugggh!
Ad-- Adam...?