You know magic at the poker table qualifies as cheating.
Ahn, I keep telling you... Four's the max and only if you have an ace.
Let me see the ace.
Chips. They're called chips. They represent money. Since none of us has any money to represent money. (re boxes) But that's gonna change once my merchandise hits the street.
Not drugs. You're looking at the new local distributor for Boost Bars. (retrieving one) The "natural food bar that provides a nutritional energy boost for active health conscious people." Want one?
Don't let the "healthy" scare you off. Check out the ingredients. (shows her the bar) See? Loaded with fatty goodness.
Wish the Buf coulda made it. Three hand poker's not quite the game.
But, I mean, the thing is, Riley seems okay in an oafish kind of way, but... I worry. (beat) Am I the only one with a big floating question mark over his head about this Initiative thing?
And why not? There's heaps we still don't know about these commandos. What exactly are they up to?
(smoothly) Suzi, is it? I can tell you work out. Obviously take good care of yourself. So I think I know what you need. (brings up Boost Bar) "Honey Nut Yogurt Crunch" -  Welcome to carbo-load country. Just  a measly buck-fifty...
Let me put it in a way you'll understand... Sell bars, make money, take Anya nice places, buy pretty things.
(re bar he's eating) This was the only one I had on me. Besides, it's getting late. Maybe we should go.
Face it, Will, she's almost an hour late. Probably off living the life of Riley. I don't think she's coming.
Late? Really? Huh, hadn't noticed.
We are?
Try one. Check these flavors: cherry berry, maple walnut, almond licorice.
(forced smile) Anya, we don't say "ew" in front of a potential customer.
An excellent choice.
It's the gritty texture, isn't it? Maybe you're a cherry berry fellow.
Spike? You may wanna give up these morning jogs.
(to Giles) Spike said that? About us? Well, now, I gotta tell you... that hurts.
We don't have any. That blinking thing. My pseudo-soldier memory  bank tells me that's a tracer.
Like a homing beacon. And if commando guys are reading the signal... They're coming home.
(whispering) So how's this supposed to work again?
Giles?
Sure, just explain to the nice scientist guys that you really miss torturing and killing innocent people.