(nudges Xander) What's with the spaceage?
Maybe it's non-obvious, but wouldn't our trip to the Zoo be a teensy bit more comfortable if... one of us  sat in the back?
So what do they do?
Oh -- sort of our version of the Royal Family.
They're being nice to Lance.
(getting it) Lance is now a bouncy red ball.
(to The Five) Enjoy. You guys should have a lot in common.
What're you talking about?
Yeah, that Reptile House was definitely working the not-so-fresh motif.
(re: Bobby) Guess Shamu's found a new red rubber ball.
Never realized the Bronze is so much like the Zoo --  except without the helpful educational videos.
Guess now our group's got four.
(pushes him away) Have you been drinking your cologne?
(pushing away) When did you become Peppy Le Pew?
It's a pig.
Maybe we could change to the Sunnydale Pure Pork Sausages.
Way to go, Bobby -- I couldn't even grab its squiggly pink tail.
No, "bad influence" is a Rob Lowe movie. Xander's just  gone bad -- there's no excuse for what he did!
Hey c'mon, Willow -- I'm no Sosh.
Willow -- that wasn't Xander last night. That was Buddy Love.
Pity-party over. Look, it's not just you that Xander  and the rest of the Attack Pack are harshing.
Remember that other Zoo video, the way the Hyena  cackled when they attacked that poor Zebra? Well this  morning in the hallway -- the way Kyle laughed, it was  just like that -- Freddie Krugers scary --
You know, those Hyena were quarantined for a reason --  I think Xander's caught something from them.
Fine. Don't believe me. But I know somebody who will.
Yes.
Uh-huh.
Yes -- don't you see...
I'm telling you, in the Hallway - that laugh -- it wasn't human -  it's something... okay, I'll just say  it -- like a Hyena. I think something supernatural is...
Yes, I know, my Mom listens to Simon and Garfunkle too.
Which is?
Herbert -- the pig?
"Just a sixteen year old boy", huh?
Check this out -- Hyenas.
Wow. Apparently, Noah rejected Hyenas from the Ark because he thought they were an evil, impure mixture of dogs and cats. (turns a page) Just another reason not to date out of species.
Barely. But afterwards, they definitely had some  issues with Noah...
Do you think Xander could've been possessed by... the Hyenas?
(jumping up) I've gotta find Xander!
Get off me!
You're in trouble -- infected with some Hyena thing, like a demonic possession --
I don't want to hurt you, Xander.
You and the others -- ate Herbert alive --
No, stop it -- You're scaring me.
What part of "NO" don't you understand!
Hurry -- we've gotta look him up somehow, before he comes to.
Oh fine. He's just enjoying a little brick-induced  coma designed to prevent felony sexual assault.
No, but it's safe to say that in his current state, his idea of wooing somebody doesn't include a Yanni CD  and a bottle of Chianti. (thumbs behind her) And there's five more of them out there. What've you found?
Shoot to kill! Now what?
Who wrote this book -- the Michigan Militia? They're just teenagers.
The Hyenas at the Zoo! The Zookeeper knew they were sick in the first place --
--Before those Hyena Kids get the munchies for more  than bacon.
--Reality Burrito, Senor. To High School students, an explicit warning is an invitation.
(horrified) No more Xander...
Not if you help us.
--We just need your Hyenas as a receptacle for the flying spirits.
We caught one -- but there's five more.
Willow!
Read more.
I'll catch them.
(shaking her head) You can't keep up.
Hey, Xander! Didn't your Mom teach you? Don't play with your food
Guess it's just us.
At the end, you were minutes away from going full-time Hyena.
You better not remember, because you talked some trash to me that --
Alright...well... We're just glad you're back -- on two feet again.