Xander's taken to teasing the less fortunate?
There's been a radical change for the worse in both clothing and hair styling?
And otherwise all his spare time, spent lounging about with imbeciles?
Of course! He's turned into a 16 year old boy! How  terrifying! Get out your stake, Slayer!
--Buffy, there's an old saying -- If you're a hammer,  everything looks like a nail.
Who? (beat) Anyway, the point is, look for the most likely explanation first.
The youthful budding of testosterone.  (off her) Hang on to your hat, little lady, it's only likely to get worse.
Eaten... by what?
The Hyena section is this way --
Perhaps I've discovered the way in which they intended to get even.
The Masai of the Serengeti Plain believe it is  possible for animals to possess the souls of humans in order to accomplish their various desires.
(turning the page) Perhaps Willow's right -- otherwise, I should think we would recognize our young friend's behavior in these...
Oh Buffy, the Hyena in him didn't --
The book says nothing about Hyena exorcisms...
I'm afraid the only solution is... (reading) "Shoot to kill."
We buy guns?
And I thought I'd found such a distinctly American solution to the problem. Well, I honestly don't know where else to look --  (an idea) Malleus Maleficarum!
No, no, no -- the Malleus Maleficarum, written by Sprenger and Kraemer in 1486, speaks directly to all demonic possessions!
Its knowledge of the occult is so comprehensive, Pope Innocent authorized that only twenty-eight editions be published --
YES! The entire procedure described -  we simply need to transfer the evil spirits... (crestfallen) ...Into some other human...
...Or an animal...
Willow, continue your video research -- whatever you  do -- don't let Xander out. Buffy, you come with me.  We must find that Zookeeper --
--Excuse me. You knew your Hyena were possessed with an evil spirit, yet you --
Yes, well now the unthinkable has occurred --
What if we know something you don't know.
You've obviously not read all the books on the  subject, sir -- the Malleus Maleficarum was quite  clear regarding trans-possession.
(proud) I, sir, am a High School Librarian. (reading) Trans-possession simply requires that one stare deeply  into the Hyena's eyes while involved in a cruel act --
Not to worry, Sir. That boy is secure in a cage in the school a library.
With dispatch! Quickly!
Periodical?
(re: watch) If we don't change them back in the next hour, it's too late -- they'll be Hyenas forever. And our friend --
Buffy -- this isn't simply about plunging stakes into the Undead -- You're over your head on this one. Let me come with you.
I'll go in and prepare the Zookeeper. Willow, stay here -- you'll forwarn us when Buffy and the others approach.
(whispering) Dr... Zookeeper -- are you here?
Good gracious -- I nearly mistook you for a Hyena --  are you prepared for the trans-possession?
Did I miss anything?
I think they bought that -- Hyena Boy.