BUFFY: What? Do I have funny bed  hair or something?
ANGEL: Or something.
BUFFY: Guess we got carried away with the post-slayage nap thing.
BUFFY: Oooh. Not good.
ANGEL: Where are you going?
BUFFY: To kill the cat on my head.
ANGEL: No mirrors.
BUFFY: You know. This place is not girl friendly. No mirrors. No natural light.
ANGEL: I think you look perfect.
BUFFY: Perfect? Come on. I mean, that's really- (happily)  Okay.
BUFFY: Still, we could think about getting a couple of mirrors in here. And maybe a drawer, for stuff of mine. I mean, that's what couples do, they have drawers.
ANGEL: That's right.
BUFFY: 'Cause I figure sometimes I could spend the night. After the prom, it'd be great to come back here and just be together...
BUFFY: Yeah. You know, the big "end-of-high-school-rite- of-passage" thingy? (off his silence) Imagine a cotillion with spiked punch and the electric slide.
ANGEL: Right.
BUFFY: Don't worry, it's at night. And lots of girls have older boyfriends. You'll blend.
ANGEL: I guess maybe you should get home.
BUFFY: (rising)  Ah, there's gotta be a few hours before sunrise --
BUFFY: I guess it's later than we thought.
ANYA: Xander.
XANDER: (big smile) Well, hey, it's Demon Anya, punisher of evil males. Still haven't got your powers back? (sudden worry) You haven't, right?
ANYA: (bitterly) No.. I will, though, it's just a matter of time.
XANDER: So how did that work? Women would wish horrible things on their ex-boyfriends and then you'd show up and make it happen.
ANYA: That's right. The power of the wish made me a righteous sword to smite the unfaithful.
XANDER: Well, hey, good luck with that. Hope it works out for you.
ANYA: You can laugh, but I have witnessed a millennium of treachery and oppression from the males of the species. I have nothing but contempt for the whole libidinous lot of them.
XANDER: Then why are you talking to me?
ANYA: (looking down) I don't have a date for the prom.
XANDER: And, gosh, I wonder why not. Can't possibly have anything to do with your sales pitch...
ANYA: (testy) Men are evil. (vulnerable) Will you go with me?
XANDER: One of us is very confused and I honestly don't which.
ANYA: This happens to be your fault, you know.
XANDER: My fault?
ANYA: You were unfaithful to Cordelia so I took on the guise of a 12th grader to tempt her with the wish. When I lost my powers I got stuck in this persona. And now I have all these feelings... I don't understand it, I don't like it, I just know I really wanna be at this dance, and I want someone to go with me. I think it's a social hierarchy thing: fear of exclusion from the norm. I mean, it's not a date...
XANDER: Be still, my heart. Oh wait, it is. How come I got the short straw?
ANYA: Well, you're not quite as obnoxious as most of the alpha males around here. Plus I know you don't have a date.
XANDER: (blustering) I haven't settled on anyone yet...
ANYA: Fine. You find me attractive. I've seen you look at my breasts.
XANDER: Nothing personal. When a guy does that, it just means his eyes are open.
ANYA: Whatever. Look. Do you want to go with me or not?
OZ: Anya, huh? Interesting choice.
XANDER: "Choice" is kind of a broad term for my situation. It's either Anya or the sock puppet of love for this boy.
XANDER: "I love you, Xander, I will never leave you."
WILLOW: Well, if Anya tries to get you killed, put me down for a big "I told you so".
XANDER: (still hand puppet guy) "Who is this Anya? Is she prettier than me?"
WILLOW: She just better not cross me, that's all I'm saying.
BUFFY: At least now we've all got someone to go with. Some us are going with Demons, but that's a valid lifestyle choice. More importantly, I've got the kick dress.
WILLOW: The pink one?
BUFFY: Oh yeah. Angel's gonna lose it. (sudden worry) But not his soul. I mean, lose "it." His "it".
XANDER: (lost in hand puppet land, and now she is bitter) "Why don't you let your demon make dinner for you! I don't even know you anymore!"
ANGEL: Ms. Summers.
JOYCE: I'm sorry to... I would have called but I don't have your number.
ANGEL: Please. You're always welcome here.
JOYCE: My goodness. Your place is amazing.
ANGEL: Yeah. I like a lot of space. I don't get out much in the day.
JOYCE: No. You wouldn't.
ANGEL: Can I get you something? I don't have any coffee or I'd...
JOYCE: No thank you, I - you don't drink? Beverages, I mean.
JOYCE: Oh. Well...
JOYCE: I understand Buffy spent the night.
ANGEL: I'm sorry about that. We came back after patrolling and-
JOYCE: (cutting him off)  I'm not interested in the details. That's not why I'm here.
ANGEL: (a little wary) Okay.
JOYCE: I'm here because I'm worried about you two. In general.
ANGEL: I understand. And I promise you, what happened before? When I changed? It won't happen again.
JOYCE: It better not. But that's not all I'm concerned about. I mean, I don't have to tell you that you and Buffy come from different worlds.
ANGEL: No. You don't.
JOYCE: And Buffy's had to deal with a lot. Grow up fast. Sometimes even I forget that she's still just a girl.
ANGEL: And I'm old enough to be her ancestor.
JOYCE: She's just starting out in life.
ANGEL: (gravely) I know. Believe me. I think about it. More now that she's staying in Sunnydale.
JOYCE: Good. Because when it comes to you, Angel - Buffy's not a slayer. She's just like any other young woman in love. You're all she can see of tomorrow. But I think we both know there's gonna be some hard choices ahead. If she can't make them, you're going to have to.
JOYCE: I know you care about her. I just hope you care enough.
BUFFY: (to Willow) So - what? It was blue and sort of short?
WILLOW: Not too short. Medium. And it had this wild sort of fringy stuff on the arms-
GILES: (interest piqued) What's this? A demon?
BUFFY: A prom dress. That Will was thinking about buying. Can't you ever get your mind out of the Hellmouth?
GILES: I'd be delighted to. However - the day of the Mayor's Ascension is rapidly approaching and we don't know what to expect.
XANDER: What about the pages Will stole from the Mayor's book? She put her life on the line, there, pal; don't tell me they were useless.
GILES: On the contrary. We know Ascension refers to a human transforming  into a demon. Becoming the living  embodiment of an immortal.  Graduation day, our Mayor Wilkins  is scheduled to do just that.
WESLEY: The trouble is, we have no idea which demon he's going to become.
GILES: There are thousands of species.
WESLEY: So it's safe to say we should not waste time on trifling matters such as a school dance.
CORDELIA: That's too bad. 'cause I bet you'd  look way "double oh seven" in a tux.
WESLEY: (not missing a beat) Except of course on the actual night of the event when I will be aiding Mr. Giles in his chaperoning duties.
GILES: (first he's heard) You - ? Excuse me?
GILES: Fine. You're all suffering from a touch of Spring Madness, if you  ask me.
OZ: Mine is more space madness. But I'll feel better once I get used to the weightlessness.
WILLOW: (to Oz) Promise me you'll never be linear.
OZ: (a pledge) On my trout.
BUFFY: We'll find you a dress, Will. We should check out April Fools.
CORDELIA: Don't go there! I shop there!
XANDER: I myself am dipping into my hard earned road trip fund to procure a shiny new tux, so look for me to dazzle.
GILES: And I of course will be wearing pink taffeta as the chenille does nothing for my complexion and can we PLEASE talk about the Ascension?
BUFFY: Giles. We got it. Miles to go before we sleep. But, especially if we're going to vaporize or something on graduation day? We should be able to have a little prom-y fun. One night of glory; not too much to ask.
PRIEST: ...Into this holy estate these two persons present come now to be joined. If any man can show just cause why they may not lawfully be joined together, let him now speak, or else hereafter forever hold his peace. Bless, O Lord, this ring, that he who gives it and she who wears it may abide in thy peace, and continue in thy favor, unto their life's end; through Christ our Lord. Amen.
BUFFY: Angel?
BUFFY: Oh Goody. I always say patrol's  not complete without a trip to  the sticky sewers.
ANGEL: I'm sure I saw him come down here.
BUFFY: Can't we let this be the vamp  that got away? (making a "big fish" gesture) We can tell everybody he was  thiiiis big.
ANGEL: What can I say? I need closure.
BUFFY: And clothes. You don't have a  tux, do you?
ANGEL: Since when did patrolling go  black tie?
BUFFY: For the prom, silly.
ANGEL: We have more important things  to think about right now than a  dance, Buffy.
BUFFY: Oh. Sorry, <u>Giles</u>. I'll just be quiet.
ANGEL: Come on. Don't be that way-
BUFFY: (to vamp/ irritated) Not now.
BUFFY: I'm not being that way. I say 'prom'  and you turn all grouchy.
ANGEL: I'm sorry. I'm just worried that  you're getting too... invested in  this whole thing.
BUFFY: In what "whole thing?" This is the  stuff I'm supposed to get invested in.  Going to a formal. Graduating.  Growing up.
ANGEL: I know.
BUFFY: Then what? What's with the dire?
ANGEL: It's... Nothing.
BUFFY: No. You have a something face.
ANGEL: I think we need to talk. But not  here. Not now.
BUFFY: No. If you have something to  say - then just say it.
ANGEL: I need some time. I'm not even sure.
BUFFY: About what? You'd better cut  the cryptic, Angel. You're scaring me.
ANGEL: I've been thinking. About our future.  And the more I do, the more I feel  like us - you and me being together -  is unfair to you.
BUFFY: Is this about what the Mayor said?  He was just trying to shake us up.
ANGEL: He was right.
BUFFY: Oh, come on! He's the bad guy!  We both know that...
ANGEL: You deserve more. You deserve  something outside of... demons  and darkness. You should have  someone who can take you into  the light. Someone who can make  love to you-
BUFFY: (cutting him off) I don't care about that.
ANGEL: You will. And children-
BUFFY: Children? Can you say jumping  the gun? I kill my goldfish.
ANGEL: Today. But you have no idea how  fast it goes, Buffy. Before you know  it, you'll want it all - a normal life.
BUFFY: I'll never have a normal life.
ANGEL: Right. You'll always be a slayer.  But that's all the more reason why  you should have a real relationship  instead of this... this freak show.
ANGEL: I didn't mean it that way-
BUFFY: I - I'm gonna go-
ANGEL: I'm sorry. Buffy, you know how  much I love you. It kills me to say this-
BUFFY: (exploding) Then don't! who are you to tell me  what's right for me!? You think I've  never thought about this stuff?
ANGEL: Have you? Rationally?
BUFFY: No, I'm just a swoony little  schoolgirl, right?
ANGEL: I'm trying to do what's right here -  I'm trying to think with my head  instead of my heart --
BUFFY: What heart?
BUFFY: You have a heart? It isn't even beating!
ANGEL: (stung) Buffy, please don't.
BUFFY: Don't what? Don't love you?  I'm sorry, nobody told me I had  a choice! I can't just change -  I'll never change. I want my life  to be with you.
ANGEL: I don't.
BUFFY: (Devastated) Don't - want to be with me?
BUFFY: I can't believe you're breaking up  with me...
ANGEL: It doesn't mean I don't --
BUFFY: How am I supposed to stay away  from you?
ANGEL: I'm leaving. After the Ascension,  after it's finished with the Mayor  and Faith. If we survive, I'll go.
BUFFY: Where?
ANGEL: I don't know.
BUFFY: Angel?
ANGEL: Buffy...
BUFFY: (so lost)  Is this really happening?
WILLOW: So... That's it?
BUFFY: That's it. Assuming we survive this  Ascension thing. He's leaving.
WILLOW: (working herself up) Well. He's a fool. He's just a big,  dumb jerk person if you ask me.  And, I mean, he's a super-maxi-jerk  to do it right before the prom.
BUFFY: That's not his fault. He's 243 years  old. He doesn't get the prom.
WILLOW: But he should. If he-
BUFFY: Will. It's okay. You don't have to make him the bad guy.
WILLOW: (at a loss) But - that's the best friend's job.  Vilifying and grousing.
BUFFY: Usually yeah. (with difficulty) But he's right. In the long run - I  think maybe he's right.
WILLOW: Yeah. I think he is. I mean - I tried  to hope for the best, but... (then) I'm sorry. It must be horrible.
BUFFY: (smiling weakly) Oh. I think "horrible" is still coming.  Right now it's...worse.
BUFFY: Right now - I'm just trying to keep  from dying.
WILLOW: Oh, Buffy...
BUFFY: I can't breathe, Will. I feel like  I can't breathe.
XANDER: Okay. How long does it take you  to buy a damn dress?
CORDELIA: Xander...
CORDELIA: I'm considering things more carefully  these days.  (pointedly) Don't want to get stuck with another dud.
XANDER: Well I think that dress works for  you. It positively screams nympho-
SALESGIRL: Is this a customer or a friend?
XANDER: Neither. Just stopping by for my  daily helping of bile.
SALESGIRL: (to Cordy) Then you'd better get back to work  and quit goofing.
SALESGIRL: (moving off) Ms. Finkle <u>so</u> has it in for you.
XANDER: You work here?
CORDELIA: Yes! Yes, I'm working here.
XANDER: Uh, why?
CORDELIA: I'm trying to buy a dress.
XANDER: Don't you already have all the dresses?
CORDELIA: I have nothing! Okay? No dresses,  no cell phone, no car -- everything  got taken away because DADDY  made a little mistake on his taxes  for the last twelve years! Satisfied?  Are you a happy Xander now?  I'm broke. I can't go to any of the  colleges that accepted me and I can't  stay home because we no longer have one.
XANDER: Um... wow.
CORDELIA: Yeah, neato. You can run along and  tell all your friends how Cordy  finally got hers, how she has to  work part time just to get a lousy  prom dress on layaway. How she  has to wear a name tag.
CORDELIA: Yeah, I'm a name tag person! Don't  leave that out; the story just wouldn't  have the same punch!
GILES: And you say the beast just - stopped?
XANDER: Yeah. See there? It's like he suddenly  realized he forgot to put money in  the meter or something.
CORDELIA: The other part that totally weirded  me out? That thing had good taste.  I mean, he chucked Xander and  went right for the formal wear.
XANDER: That's right. And he left behind his  copy of Monster's Wear Daily.
CORDELIA: I'm serious! Look at Xander's outfit.  Now look at the kid the monster  went after. Very smooth lines, till  he was shredded.
BUFFY: I... I don't want to see it again.
GILES: I know it's horrible, Buffy. But you'll  be hunting this creature - you should  study it.
BUFFY: I think I got it.
WILLOW: She's right. I mean, you've seen  one big, hairy death bringer of  death - you've seen 'em all.
WESLEY: Not really. If I'm not mistaken,  this is a Hell Hound.
GILES: Yes. Particularly vicious foe. It's a  type of demon foot soldier, bred  during the Mahkash wars. Trained  solely to kill, they feed on the brains  of their foes -
CORDELIA: Look! Right there. Zoom in on that.
XANDER: Zoom in? this is a video tape.
CORDELIA: So? They do it on TV all the time.
XANDER: Not with a regular VCR they don't-
WESLEY: Perhaps we could stay on topic for once.  (to Cordy/jealously) What were you doing with Xander?
CORDELIA: What? Um. I was...
XANDER: (jumping in) Burning a hole in daddy's wallet as  usual. I just bumped into her on  my tuxedo hunt.
OZ: What's that?
XANDER: Guys, it's just a normal VCR, it  doesn't -- oh wait. It can do pause.
OZ: Tucker Wells. I had chem with him.
WESLEY: Let me guess. He was quiet, kept  to himself - but always seemed like  a nice young man?
XANDER: How's it going over there, Buff?
BUFFY: Fine.
XANDER: Well - I just wanted to say that your  impersonation of a inanimate object  is really coming along.
BUFFY: Thanks.
WILLOW: Ooooh! Ooooh! I got into Tucker's  e-mail account --
XANDER: Cool.
WILLOW: Listen to this message Tucker sent  to this kid, David Metz, at school  last week. "The Sunnydale High  lemmings have no idea what awaits  them. Their big night will be their  <u>last</u> night."
GILES: So. We have a threat against the  students on "their big night..."  A hell hound - (realization dawning) trained to attack people n formal wear.
CORDELIA: (full of herself) Oh, are we all catching up now?
GILES: This Tucker is planning an attack  on the prom tonight.
OZ: Once again - the Hellmouth puts  the "special" in special occasion.
XANDER: Why do I even buy tickets for these  things - I ask you?
WILLOW: I wonder if I can take my dress back.
BUFFY: Don't you dare.
WILLOW: But Tucker's going to-
BUFFY: No. You guys are gonna have a prom.  The kind of prom everyone should  have. I will give you all a nice, fun,  normal evening... if I have to kill  every single person on the face of  the Earth to do it.
XANDER: Yay?
BUFFY: Wes, go to his house. Probably not  there, but it's worth a shot.
WESLEY: All right. Perhaps strength in numbers is --
BUFFY: (preemptively) You can take Cordy.
WESLEY: If that's your plan, all right... and  the others?
BUFFY: Oz - you said you know this David  kid Tucker e-mailed. You and Will  go track him down. Find out what  he knows - if he's involved.
WILLOW: We're on it.
BUFFY: Maybe you guys should stop by  the Magick shop too.
XANDER: I can swing that one. What's the mission?
BUFFY: Ask if anybody's been in buying  supplies to raise a Hell Hound.
XANDER: Got ya. Or who's been stocking  up on Hell Hound Sausages. I hear  those pups will do anything for a  tasty snack treat.
BUFFY: Giles, you said they eat brains.  Any brains?
GILES: I suppose...
BUFFY: Well, Tucker's gotta be feeding  that thing, right?
HARV: Yeah. This kid orders cow brains  a couple times a week. Goes to  this address. (offhandedly) Weird kid.
BUFFY: Thanks. Thanks a lot.
ANGEL: What are you doing here?
BUFFY: Hello to you too.
ANGEL: Sorry. It's just - I'm surprised.
BUFFY: Me too. Even though I shouldn't be.  I mean - where did I think you got  your blood? McPlasma's?
ANGEL: How are you?
BUFFY: (tightly) Right as rain. Whatever that means.
BUFFY: Don't give me that look . I can lie  to you if I want to now. We're "ex"  - remember?
ANGEL: If it means anything, I miss you-
BUFFY: Could we - not? Truth is, when I  think about us I have a tendency  to go sort of catatonic. And I can't  do that right now. I've got to stop  a crazy person from pulling a  "Carrie" at the prom.
ANGEL: You're still planning to go?
BUFFY: Strictly in the chaperone capacity.
BUFFY: It's cool. I'm fine with showing  up stag. I'm over the whole "Buffy  gets a perfect high-school moment" thing. (firmly) But no way am I going to let some  subhuman rob the entire senior class  of theirs.
ANGEL: Let me help you.
BUFFY: No. I'm okay.
ANGEL: You know I'll always help you whenever --
BUFFY: I'm okay. (softer) Thanks.
FINKLE: Get as much done as you can tonight,  girls. I'll see you tomorrow.
SALESGIRL: (re: the garment bag) Don't forget your dress. Aren't you  wearing it tonight?
CORDELIA: I hate myself for saying this. I haven't  finished paying for it.
SALESGIRL: Well somebody did.
CORDELIA: What? Who...?
XANDER: Zeroes all round, Buff.
WILLOW: Sorry.
BUFFY: Make not with the long faces.  I got the address. (then) Now. The prom starts in a little  while. You guys go on. I'll catch  up with you as soon as I put a lid  on this jerk.
XANDER: What? No way.
WILLOW: We can't just leave you, Buff-
GILES: Buffy, they're right. You need-
BUFFY: (interrupting/to others) To see tail lights. Hit the door.  I've got everything under control.
BUFFY: (deadly) Have. A. Nice. Time.
WILLOW: Okay then.
XANDER: See ya.
BUFFY: I want you at the gym. Keep an  eye on them till I get there.
GILES: I don't need to tell you you're being  rather rash. Getting an address hardly  adds up to "case closed".
BUFFY: Look. It's done. You want to run  after them and tell tem that they  can't go? You want to tell them  that all their planning and dreaming  was for nothing? That they can't be  with their honeys on tonight of  all nights?
GILES: Angel's not taking you, is he?
BUFFY: He's leaving me. Leaving town.
GILES: (genuine) I'm sorry, Buffy. (off her pained silence) I don't really know what to say.  It's my understanding that this is  the sort of thing that requires  ice cream of some kind.
BUFFY: The ice cream will come. First I  feel like taking out psycho boy.
GILES: You're sure?
BUFFY: Great thing about being a slayer.  Kicking ass is comfort food.
ANYA: (mid-monologue) ... so she wished her husband's head  would explode, which was great  except we were standing three feet  from him at the time. What a mess.  Of course, during the plague it was  always parts falling off, that got  pretty old, since they pretty much  were anyway...
WESLEY: I must say, it's all rather odd to me.
GILES: Yes. Being at an all-male preparatory,  we didn't go in for this sort of thing.
WESLEY: No. of course not. Unless you count  the nights you made the lower-classmen  get up as girls and-
WESLEY: Dip is tasty, isn't it?
WESLEY: Salsa... hot. (looks back at Cordy) Very hot...
WILLOW: We got in. We got our prom picture.  Maybe we should dance before we  get besieged or bedeviled or  beheaded or something.
WILLOW: You're not even a little nervous?
WILLOW: Let's enjoy the punch.
WESLEY: May I say you look smashing?
CORDELIA: It's a start...
ANYA: ...Then, this one time, a girl wished that her ex would cannibalize <u>himself</u>.  Even I had a hard time watching  that one, let me tell you-
XANDER: Cordelia! Wesley! My God in Heaven  it's good to see you. How are you  both - and - details, please.
WESLEY: Very well, thank you.
CORDELIA: (with obvious meaning) Yes. Thank you.
XANDER: It looks good on you.
CORDELIA: (still smiling) Well, duh.
BUFFY: Sorry. New plan. The prom is go  and you're pathetic.
TUCKER: Maybe...
TUCKER: Maybe not.
BUFFY: So that's it? You brain-washed the  hound to go psycho over all things prom?
TUCKER: (grins) neat, huh?
BUFFY: I don't get. What kind of sicko  would want to destroy the happiest  night of a senior's life?
TUCKER: I have my reasons.
TUCKER: You want to go to the prom with me?
GIRL: No.
BUFFY: Whatever. Every maladjust has a  reason. Lucky for me you're an  incompetent maladjust.
BUFFY: Now. I'm just going to lock you  up in here - and then I'm going to  party like it's -
TUCKER: (grins) Gotta have a redundancy system.  Any "incompetent" knows that.  My three fiercest babies are on  their way to the dance right now. (then) You think formal wear makes them  crazy? Wait till they see the mirror ball.
BUFFY: That's right, follow Buffy... good dogs...
BUFFY: Oh - come on! That song sucks!
BUFFY: Get back!
BOY: B-B-B-B-Bathroom?
BOY: Th-th-th-th-
BUFFY: (gently stopping him) You're welcome.
WILLOW: Buffy! You look awesome.
BUFFY: Coolest. Devil dogs are history.  How's the prom?
WILLOW: (beaming) Everything's perfect, Buffy.
XANDER: Please. Anybody can be a prop  class clown. You know, none of  the people who vote are funny.
JONATHAN: We have one more award to give  out... Is Buffy Summers here tonight?  Did she, uh...
JONATHAN: This is actually a new category,  first time ever, I guess there were  a lot of write in ballots... and, uh,  the prom committee has asked me  to read this.
JONATHAN: (reads) We're not good friends.
JONATHAN: (reads) Most of us never found the time  to get to know you. But that doesn't  mean we haven't noticed you. We  don't talk about it much, but it's  no secret Sunnydale High isn't really  like other schools. A lot of weird  stuff happens here.
ANOTHER: Snyder!
JONATHAN: (reads) But whenever there was a problem  or something creepy happened, you  seemed to show up and stop it.  Most of the people here have been  saved by you,  (looks to her) or helped by you, at one time or another. (reading again) We're proud to say that the class of  '99 has the lowest mortality rate of  any graduating class in Sunnydale history.
JONATHAN: (reads) And we know at least part of that  is because of you. So the senior  class offers its thanks, and ...  gives you, uh, this...
JONATHAN: It's from all of us, and it's got written  here, "Buffy Summers. Class Protector."
WESLEY: Mr. Giles. I'd like your opinion.  While the last thing I wish to do  is model bad behavior in front of  impressionable youth - I wonder if  asking Ms. Chase for a dance would -
GILES: For God's sake man. She's eighteen  and you have the emotional maturity  of a blueberry scone. Have at it, would  you, and stop fluttering about.
WESLEY: Right then. Thanks for that.
ANYA: (noncommittally) This isn't so bad...
GILES: You did good work tonight, Buffy.
BUFFY: Yeah, and I got a toy surprise.
GILES: Yes. I really had no idea that children -  en masse -- could be gracious
BUFFY: Every now and then, people surprise you.
GILES: Every now and then.
BUFFY: I never thought you'd come.
ANGEL: It's a big night. I didn't want to miss it.  (beat) It's just tonight. It doesn't mean that--
BUFFY: I know. I mean... I understand.
ANGEL: Will you dance with me?