(big smile) Well, hey, it's Demon Anya, punisher of evil males. Still haven't got your powers back? (sudden worry) You haven't, right?
So how did that work? Women would wish horrible things on their ex-boyfriends and then you'd show up and make it happen.
Well, hey, good luck with that. Hope it works out for you.
Then why are you talking to me?
And, gosh, I wonder why not. Can't possibly have anything to do with your sales pitch...
One of us is very confused and I honestly don't which.
My fault?
Be still, my heart. Oh wait, it is. How come I got the short straw?
(blustering) I haven't settled on anyone yet...
Nothing personal. When a guy does that, it just means his eyes are open.
"Choice" is kind of a broad term for my situation. It's either Anya or the sock puppet of love for this boy.
"I love you, Xander, I will never leave you."
(still hand puppet guy) "Who is this Anya? Is she prettier than me?"
(lost in hand puppet land, and now she is bitter) "Why don't you let your demon make dinner for you! I don't even know you anymore!"
What about the pages Will stole from the Mayor's book? She put her life on the line, there, pal; don't tell me they were useless.
I myself am dipping into my hard earned road trip fund to procure a shiny new tux, so look for me to dazzle.
Okay. How long does it take you  to buy a damn dress?
Well I think that dress works for  you. It positively screams nympho-
Neither. Just stopping by for my  daily helping of bile.
You work here?
Uh, why?
Don't you already have all the dresses?
Um... wow.
Yeah. See there? It's like he suddenly  realized he forgot to put money in  the meter or something.
That's right. And he left behind his  copy of Monster's Wear Daily.
Zoom in? this is a video tape.
Not with a regular VCR they don't-
(jumping in) Burning a hole in daddy's wallet as  usual. I just bumped into her on  my tuxedo hunt.
Guys, it's just a normal VCR, it  doesn't -- oh wait. It can do pause.
How's it going over there, Buff?
Well - I just wanted to say that your  impersonation of a inanimate object  is really coming along.
Cool.
Why do I even buy tickets for these  things - I ask you?
Yay?
I can swing that one. What's the mission?
Got ya. Or who's been stocking  up on Hell Hound Sausages. I hear  those pups will do anything for a  tasty snack treat.
Zeroes all round, Buff.
What? No way.
See ya.
Cordelia! Wesley! My God in Heaven  it's good to see you. How are you  both - and - details, please.
It looks good on you.
Please. Anybody can be a prop  class clown. You know, none of  the people who vote are funny.