My God, Buffy. You're alive. You're here. And you're still ... (strained) Remarkably strong.
Willow told me, but I didn't really let myself believe ...
It's ... you're a ...
Yes. But then, I've always thought so.
So ...
I'm not sure how to answer that. I arrived home. Met with the council.
(nods) Other than that, there wasn't much to report. I keep a flat in Bath. Saw a few old friends and almost made a new one, which I believe is statistically impossible for a man my age.
Yes.
I can't lie to you, Buffy. It was difficult leaving Sunnydale. And coming back was...
You know that doesn't matter.
You seem to be doing remarkably well under extreme circumstances. I'm proud of you.
Yes. I only meant-
There is always that, isn't there?
I know.
I did, and do we have information on this Demon I suddenly find so desperately interesting?
(examining book) M'Fashnik. Oh.
No, quite different, actually.
By reputation. It comes from a long line of mercenary demons, known to perform acts of mayhem and slaughter for the highest bidder.
Mmm. But now the question becomes: what's out there powerful enough to control one of these things?
Think nothing of it.
It's a little ... (catching himself) That's fine! I'll just ...
What?
How bad is it?
A sound policy. At least for tonight.
Buffy, you may be putting too much pressure on yourself. To return from some unknown level of Hell ... it's only natural coming back would be a process.
That may take some time, too.
If it's any consolation, life can get overwhelming even for people who haven't been ... where you have.
Perhaps you should just go night- night instead.
(nods) And it became a debacle of epic proportions. (beat) But - Tomorrow, you and I can sit down together and go over everything. Every bill, one by one. We'll work it out together.
Well. I'm glad you are too.
Yes, now that she's back.
Mmm. Tell me about this spell you performed.
(sadly, quiet) You're a very stupid girl.
Do you have any idea what you've done? The forces you've harnessed? The lines you've crossed?
Oh, don't worry, you've made a deep impression. Of everyone here - you were the one I trusted most to respect the forces of nature.
Think what you've done to Buffy.
At incredible risk.
Killing us all. Unleashing a hell on Earth. Shall I go on?
Oh, there are others in the world who can do what you did. You just don't want to meet them.
Having Buffy back in the world makes me feel indescribably wonderful - but I wouldn't congratulate you if you jumped off a cliff and happened to survive.
You were lucky.
(almost yelling) If I had been I'd have bloody well stopped you! The Magicks you channeled are more primal and ferocious than you can hope to understand, and you're lucky to be alive, you rank, arrogant amateur.
We still have no idea where she was or what happened to her.
Can't sleep?
Evidently not.
Does it work?
Perhaps I'll be the control group. As you get older you'll find you lose patience with throwing ... up ...
Well, now I know I'm back in America as I've been knocked unconscious.
Buffy?
Yes, you can. Your mother dealt with this sort of thing all the time. She took one crisis at a time, without the aid of superpowers, and got through it all. So can you.
I'm positive.
I very much doubt it.
A poorly-ventilated ... What have you been reading?
Is he in trouble?
Yes, of course. You'll leave for L.A. tomorrow?
I see. Well, we'd better get these bills and things out of the way before you ...