And everything went smoothly with  Mr. Worth?
Well, that's swell. You know how I  feel about loose ends. And the big day  is so close! You can smell the excitement  in the air. Say, are you ever coming out  of there?
Come on...
You look lovely. Perfect for the Ascension.  Any boys that manage to survive'll  be lining up to ask you out.
"Not you". Let me tell you something.  Nobody knows what you are. Not even  you, little miss seen-it-all. The  Ascension isn't just my day, it's yours  too. Your day to blossom, to show the  world what a powerful girl you are.
Impossible. Come on. Change back  into your street clothes and I'll buy  you an icee.
It all looks wonderful.
Stop worrying. You just make sure the  kids show up. Anybody who doesn't feel  like coming to graduation, well, they  can just live without a diploma.
Call me Richard. You've done a great  job here.
Sunnydale owes you a debt. And it  will be repaid.
So. This is the inner sanctum. Faith  tells me this is where you folks like to  hang out and concoct your little schemes.  I'll tell you, it's just nice to see that some  young people are still interested in reading  in this modern era.
That's one spunky girl you've raised.
I smell fear. That's smart. But some of  your deaths will be quick, if that's worth  anything. Well, I'll see you all at graduation.
Applause applause.
Well, that should keep her occupied for a spell.
The ritual of Gavrok. I have to ingest  several of the inhabitants of this box.
Eat.
Well, you don't have to watch. Just go  home, take it easy. Big day tomorrow.
Little firecracker.
If everything goes smoothly, you  won't have to. But how often do things  go smoothly?
Always.
Not you, though.
Get some rest.
My god, what a feeling. The power of  these creatures... it suffuses my being.  I can feel the changes begin. My organs  shifting, merging, making ready for  the Ascension. Plus, these babies are  high in fiber and what's the fun of  becoming an immortal demon if you're  not regular, am I right?