Bye, let's keep in touch.
Oh, yeah -- and you have to sign  mine too!
Me too.
Thanks. You're so sweet.
No, we'll hang out!
Oh, I'm gonna miss her...
(with the same affectionate, wishful tone) With a fiery vengeance, she picked  on me for ten years, the vacuous tramp.
Well, don't you feel it?
(sentimental) Oh, trusty soda machine... I push for  rootbeer and you give me coke. (to Buffy) Not gonna go? Why not?
We can't do both?
(tiny hope) Sigfried?
Roy?
One of their tigers?
Hey, Percy!
B minus! That's great!
Congratulations.
(about to confess) You know, Percy, that was actually...  for your own good.
History is important, you know. 
Ha ha.
Well, they're not that light. It's bad  enough we have to fight the Mayor -  I don't want him eating Percy and our  whole class. We've gotta find some  spell or something to stop the Ascension.
How come evil girl's in the mix now?
Oh. Okay, then.
Arrr! This is so frustrating!
No, it's great. If we need to make ferns  invisible or communicate with shrimp,  I've got the goods right here.
(tossing the book) Who am I kidding? I'm never gonna  find a spell to stop the Ascension. I'm  not a witch; I can't even change poor  Amy back into a person.
Oz...
Could you just pretend to care about  what's happening?
I think we could be dead in two days'  time and you're just being ironic  detachment guy.
Yes! It'd be swell. Panic is a thing that  people can share in times of crisis and,  and everything is scary now, you know,  I don't know what's gonna happen,  there's all sorts of stuff you're supposed  to get to do after high school and I was  really looking forward to it and now  we're probably gonna die instead and  I'd just like to feel that --
I feel different. You know? I guess  that makes sense. Do you feel  different? Oh, no, you've already -  you probably, not a big change for  you, bit it's nice - was it nice?  Should this be a quiet moment?
(smiles, then:) Which part?
Hello?
They should have all of this at the magic  shop. I can run an aural analysis, see if  it's a mystical poison.
Just tell them it's for me.
Finding the poison wasn't that hard.  It's a mystical compound -- the Latin  name translates roughly as "Killer of  the Dead". Used on vampires.
There aren't a lot of instances of it  being cured.
One or two. Pretty vague accounts.  (softer) How is he?
Does it talk about the cure?
Completely reversed the effects... Oh.
Buffy, if Angel drains Faith's blood it'll kill her.
Could be charging it to the city.
(re: computer) You wanna drive?
Got it.