(shakes head) Reserved for cool people. (confessional) That's why we're in the front.
People just want to hang with them.
Worse. They have self-confidence. It's like they know  they're in, and anyone who's not them is, by  definition, out.
Didn't you get enough "crowded and sweaty" at the Zoo?
That is so not okay.
We're not really welcome to sit there -  those are the jocks... (pointing) Those are the Grungers... the Gear-heads...
When Xander gets here, we'll be three and have our group.
I thought you didn't know Suzy Peterson?
Uh-oh -- here come the winged monkeys.
Don't just give up, Xander! So you're having trouble with a few equations --
Here -- tonight I'll help you --
--He's just fallen in with a bad influence --
What's wrong with you, Xander?
Yes.
I've been friends with Xander since we were five. Now  first chance he gets, he insults me to join the  "Soshes." -- And it's my fault. (off Buffy) Because I'm not like you!
No, but you're cool enough to be one. He wants you in -- you saw how he treated you last night at the Bronze --
No, it's just like those Zoo videos said about the  Animal Kingdom -- high school as a Pecking Order --
And I just have to face it -- I'm a really low peck.
(sarcastic) Right. The Hyena flu. Everyone's catching it.
Herbert -- they found him!
Dead -- In the Biology Room -- totally... eaten! Mr. Flutie's even crying!
(ominous) By "whom"... (off their looks) I overheard Principal Flutie talking to the Biology Teacher -- some of the teeth marks -- were from braces.
I don't get it -- He obviously let cockroaches on board.
So what happened? The Hyena survived anyway.
How?
(skeptical) C'mon -- do you really believe this stuff about "animal possessions"?
Ohmigod, Xander -- is he alright?
How'd they stop it in the past?
Swearing is never appropriate in any language.
Guys...
You deserved it.
I know, Xander -- but it wasn't really you talking.
We are -- Buffy and Giles are the --
Giles and Buffy said --
Buffy's our best friend --
Since Mrs. Connor's Kindergarten class.
So -- she's saved our lives about a dozen times already.
Xander, I think "Slayer" ranks up there with childhood bed-wetter.
You have a pretty warped way of showing it.
I don't think so.
La la la la la, I'm not listening to you.
Xander, shut up.
They're gone --
--Xander will be lost.
The pathway to the Hyena Pit.
They're almost here! (then) Giles... Giles?...
Where are the Hyenas for the trans-possession?
(looking around) Where's Giles?
They're almost here... shouldn't you bring the Hyenas out?
That's Buffy! Get ready!
What're you doing?
(uncertain) Oh, right -- you'll pretend to slash my throat and put The Evil in the Hyenas behind the wall --
BUFFY! IT'S A TRAP!
...First we though you'd gone "Sosh" on us --
So you do remember saving my life?