First field trip, huh?
(off Buffy's confusion) Those are the "So-shes." Also known as the "Hotsnots," the "Attack Pack"...
They're not like jocks or cheerleaders where they  actually do something --
(knows better) You know at Marineland -- how Shamu and the other  Killer Whales like to play with bouncy red balls?
(ominous) Count on it.
So tonight, you guys Bronze-bound?
I don't. (off them) But tonight... I just feel so alive, so confident -- I doubt any woman could deny...
--My animal magnetism.
...All my high school life, I've stood against the wall, one foot tucked under my butt, silently mouthing "I love you" to every girl passing me by. But tonight...
--It's different -- I feel different -- (leans closer) It's like I see better, hear better, smell better... taste better --
No! Now I don't even get the numbers!
(erupting) --WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?
Guess you've noticed -- I've been different around you, lately.
I think... I think it's because my feelings... for you... have been changing... (off Willow's look) We've been friends for such a long time... and... well... I feel like I need to tell you something...
I've... I've decided to drop Algebra... so...
I won't need your math help anymore... which means... (for the crowd) I won't have to look at your paste-white face again.
Let's do lunch.
We don't hate you. Not all of us, anyway.
Yeah, we figured -- Bobby's pretty cool, holding the table for us.
Cross Country's got a 3 mile run through the woods this afternoon... Hey! You're on Cross Country, arencha' Bobby?
And you believed him, Bobby?
Because Bobby, it's like today, when you sat on the pig -- hey, you make us laugh. (beat) Now get out there and feel the burn.
I've been waiting for you to jump my bones.
Is that what you really want? We both know what you really want.
You want danger, don't you -  you like your men dangerous --
--Dangerous and mean, right? Like Mr. Black Leather  Motorcycle Guy -- Well, guess who just got mean --
I knew you were following me. I'd know your smell a mile a way.
--You now how long I've waited? Until you'd stop  pretending we aren't attracted--
Until Willow'd stop kidding herself, that I'd settle for anyone but you --
Being scared make you wanna hurt me? C'mon, Slayer -- I like it when you smell scared.
--The more I scare you, the better you smell.
The "N."
(soft) Welcome to the jungle.
She whacked me with a brick -  Buffy hit me with a brick --
(sweetly) What I said to you this morning, Willow -- about  being... pasty-faced -- I'm sooo sorry...
So help me, Willow.
--No... I mean, you -- you're the only one who can really help me -- let me out.
--Why're you even listening to Buffy? She doesn't care about you the way I do.
--Best Friend? Think about it, Willow -  how long have you know me?
You've only know Buffy since the beginning of the Semester --
She's the reason she had to save our live -- I'm  telling you, this weird stuff didn't start happening  until Buffy checked in to our lives --
Vampires... Zombies... now (air quotations) "Evil Hyena Spirits." I mean she only tells us whatever she needs to use us. (beat) I've told you my deepest secrets -  what's Buffy ever told you?
--Okay, she's a Slayer of the Undead -- so why's she  hanging out with you? Can't you see, she thinks she's  way socially superior.
I'm only telling you this because I love you, Willow - - and I don't want to see you get hurt.
We belong together, Willow -  Buffy's the outside who came between us. (softly) Let me out -- pleeease.
Just hand me those keys right there...
Willow. Lots of times when we're together -- Biology,  the Bronze -- I catch you leaning forward to let your  hair hang down --
--Then you peek through the strands, just enough to check me out. I know what you're feeling deep inside you --
That's all we'll need.
C'mon, I could never be that snotty...
Hey believe me, I don't remember anything. Nothing --  From when I tried to save Lance in the Hyena Pit, to  when I woke up there and tried to save Willow --
No one messes with my Willow.
Hey, I wish I could say that I went to this beautiful  place -- and you were there, and you were there, and  you were there -- But I can't. (shrugging) All those slides are missing.
Shoot me, stuff me, mount me--
I am so HUMILIATED!