Are you illiterate, or do you just have bad eyesight?  Because Hyenas are quick to prey on the weak.
Quarantine. They just came from Africa. So keep out.
...Even if they call your name.
A Masai tribesman once told me that Hyenas can understand human speech. They follow humans by day, learning their names. At night, when the campfire has died, they call out to  the person. And once that person is separated... (beat; for effect) ...the pack devours him.
Thank goodness you came to me. (beat) You see, I was afraid this might happen when I brought the Hyenas from Africa...
--I explicitly warned those students --
Young Lady -- I have advanced degrees in Zoology, anthropology, primitive cultures - if I had ever thought that --
(shaking his head) That young man's death is only the beginning.
By my calculations, in the next several hours, the  possessed students will be totally transformed by the  Hyena Spirits. Once that occurs, the students can  never return to normal.
(ominous) Then, they'll be as dangerous to the public as if our own Hyenas had escaped the Zoo.
I can't. I don't know how.
(pompous) I am the foremost authority on animal trans- possessions. If I haven't written the book, I've read it.
You have a copy? That book's been out of print since 1486... Who are you, anyway?
(lost in thought) A cruel act... I see... of course... it's... so simple...No wonder good people can't find a cure -- by their very nature they're incapable of committing the necessary cruel act.
Maybe I can help you after all--
The possessed students -- how soon can you get them to the Hyena Cage?
Oh no no no -- after the Hyena People eat, they sleep  -- but the moment they wake, they'll search for the  missing member of their Pack! (ominous) They won't rest until they find him.
Don't scream. (re: body paint) It's all part of the Masai tradition.
Over there, in the feeding area.
Stay clear. They haven't been fed.
Don't worry. He's involved with his part of the plan.
When the time is right.
The cruel act, remember?
Something like that.
(incanting) NYMBA YA SANAA!