(examining food) I was guessing string cheese.
I hope you used protection.
Gee, wonder why? Could it be the ‘I was a teenage mannequin' look?
Boy, are you two being taken on a tour. Am I the only one who can see through his good looks and the pleasant demeanor to behold the sick, perverted deviant within?
You don't have to answer right away.
So you just went home?
(weighing this with his hands) Or... flat tire.
Distinct possibility.
You're reacting a little overly, aren't you? Everyone likes you. I bet you could have any guy in the school.
Oh, look, it's Chambers. Buffy and Chambers. And Xander. That'd be me.
Yay! I've been looking for this pen cap for weeks.
(fake chipper) Oh, yeah. I'm sure you and Gaggy Von Gaggenheimer will have a great time.
This is me being happy. You should see me Christmas morning. I barely even crack a smile. But I'm all sugar plums dancing on the inside.
You know, Chambers is a little homespun. He probably doesn't like that overly-assertive look. (looking in her closet) Hey, here's something. A nice, comfy overcoat.
And this ski cap. The earflaps will bring out your eyes.
Oh, you mean for kissing you and then telling all his friends how easy you are so that the whole school loses respect for you and talks behind your back? The red's good.
You're not bothering me.
And once on TV I saw a bunch of people our age at a party.
Of all the luck. A vampire uprising on the night of your big date. Isn't that always the way?
Yeah. A couple of things about tonight.
Well, it's too late to do anything about that. But you should probably know Buffy doesn't like to be kissed. Actually, she doesn't even like to be touched.
As a matter of fact, don't even look at her. She really hates that.
Oh, she can't stand that most of all.
I wish it was just bad.
Yep. We've got to follow Buffy and Chambers. I do not trust that guy.
Oh, he'll be fine. He's like SuperLibrarian. Everyone forgets, Willow, that knowledge is the ultimate weapon.
All right, all right. But if Buffy shows up at school tomorrow married with three children, you're going to look pretty stupid.
Quick, we've got to get to--
Uh, we thought it'd be fun to make this a double date.
(trying to be sincere) Yeah. Sometimes love just blossoms.
(whispering to Willow) I don't think she's buying it.
Hey, if you guys are exiting,  maybe we should all go somewhere together.
Oh, there are so many options.
You know what would be fun?  I hear there's kind of like a party going on. (deliberately) At the cemetery.
With some friends.
They're, uh, on something.
I think this is a cross.
I think he knows.
Buffy, Chambers is --
We'll make sure he gets there okay.
Yeah.
Oh, well, in that case, no.
No.