That was never proved… the fire marshal said it could have been…  mice…
Mice that were smoking?
We're clear. (to Sheila) Don't you feel clear? (to Snyder) We're very clear.
It really shouldn't be that hard.  We'll work on banners tomorrow at  lunch and we can figure out  refreshments then.
Yeah, his two worst students. (watching Sheila) When my Mom looks at me, that what she sees. A Sheila.
It's just not fair. I'm the Slayer, which requires a certain amount of fighting and cutting. What's Sheila's excuse?
Do you think any of the other Slayers ever had to go to high school?
Are you nuts? What'd you say that for? Now something bad is gonna happen!
That's like the ultimate jinx!
Ow!
I spent half my allowance on that  new cream rinse and it's neither  creamy nor rinsey.
Don't I know it. Look at these split ends!
Oh good.
Oh less good.
For the last two weeks. I've been working up my nerve.
Well… I… think they'd all agree I always bring a pen to class, ready to absorb the knowledge.
What can you really tell about a person from a test score?
Oh that.
He put me in charge of the banners  and refreshments for the whole  evening. If that's not a sign of  respect I don't know what is.
Won't that be something.
You are so right.
And you don't want to do that again.
Mom, believe me, that's the last thing I want, too. I'm trying, I've just got a lot of… pressure right now.
I have a job.
Can you help me cram some French tonight? I don't want Mr. DeJean telling my mother I'm an… (big French accent) …imbecile!
We're going to the Bronze. I can study and party and do parent teacher night and make my mother proud as long  as I don't have to… (sees Giles and Jenny coming; deflates) …fight vampires.
I don't suppose this is something about happy squirrels?
That was my next guess.
Lemme guess. He didn't make balloon animals.
If I survive parent teacher night tomorrow… (nods at banner) …I'll see what I can do about  Saturday.
And being kicked out of school is laffs aplenty?
Yes, I found that out the last time I had a date, back in the Restoration era.
Yes, well, if my slaying doesn't get me expelled, I promise my banner making won't get me killed. Just let me get through the week.
She's been helping for hours. She's just out getting more paint…
No problem.
Well, not actually ONE time…
But I didn't feel good about it or anything. I mean, I don't condone… So. We're gonna Bronze it tonight, if you wanted to come.
Ahhh.
&lt;La vache doit me touche de la jeudi&gt; (off Willow's furrowing brow) Is that wrong? Should I use the plural?
Well, maybe that's what I was feeling.
Oh. Je stink.
Well he didn't say for sure, it was a maybe see you there kind of deal.
No wonder my brain is fried.
Slay-ee.
(re: girl) Get her out of here!
Who are you?
What happens on Saturday?
Maybe he's reform.
Angel.
We were at the Bronze before. I  thought you said you might show.
I was being cool. You been dating for what, two hundred years, you don't know what a girl means when she says maybe she'll show? Work with me here.
(turning away from Angel) Like keeping my mom away from Principal Snyder tomorrow night.
I doubt it. She doesn't seem to care about getting kicked out - about anything. I sort of envy that.
(glances at clock) The parents start arriving in an hour. Okay, banners are in place, the lounge is comfy, what am I forgetting…?
Punch! I need punch.
You guys hold the fort. I'm punch bound.
Lemonade.
(worried) Sugar?
Now if we can just keep my mother  and Snyder from crossing paths for  the next three hours…
I did. How 'bout some lemonade -
(steering them down another hall) …are locked inside studying. French class it is.
Oh hi. Yeah, I wanted to introduce  you. She wouldn't have said too much,  she doesn't speak a word of English.
What?
Cordelia, I have at least three lives to contend with and none of them really mesh. It's like oil and water and… a third unmeshable thing.
But you didn't see the boiler room. And that's really interesting because of the boiler being right there in the room and all -
What?
Run!
It's Spike and a small army! Look out!
Barricade -
You can't go outside. They'll kill you.
They will kill everyone in this room. Nobody goes out. Nobody comes in. Until I say so. Do you read me?
I'm the one who knows how to stop them.
I know. That's why I'm going up there.
Snyder, my mom, and four others are locked in the science room across the hall. Cordelia and Willow ran the other way, I don't know if they're… where's Xander?
Good. After I take out the vamps in the hall you two can get my mom  and the others out that way, too.
Giles, my mother is in that classroom. If I don't make it, I know you'll make sure she does.
They split up to hold us here. So I  can take 'em one on one. Set 'em up, knock 'em down.
(sotto voice) I'm fine, Mom.
Just hang on for one more minute, till I tell you to open the door.
They're trying to kill us.
Stay behind me.
Mom! Now!
In a minute. Go!
Do we really need weapons for this?
You shouldn't have come here.
Wrong. It's gonna hurt a lot.
Mom… you…
So, uh… what did you and principal Snyder talk about anyway?
About how long till this wears off and you start ragging me again?
That is so cool…