It is kind of intrusive. You could knock first or something.
Are you mad at me?
(cutting him off) Then why are you torturing me? I  punished someone like this, you know,  when I was demon. I made them  doublecheck spread sheets for all eternity.
You're taking the Ramadan Effigy?
Oh ho! Aren't you Mr. Dicey Semantics?  So now you can just take whatever you want?
A silent, overseas partner-
(contrite) I know. I know. It's just - he keeps  saying he's going and then he doesn't.  And I keep almost being in charge, and  then I'm not. And maybe he shouldn't  be going at all, but we can't talk about  that - and it all leaves me with this stress  and bossiness stored up and it just leaks out.
I was being patient but it took too long. I mean, I miss Buffy, I do. But life shouldn't just stop because  she's gone. I'm sick of waiting to take  over here and I'm sick of waiting to tell everyone about us.
Why not? It's happy news. Happy news in hard times is a good thing.
That's what you've been saying all summer-
Fine. Whatever. Just remember, this  marriage thing was your idea. I  didn't ask to be all crazy.
It wasn't easy. I went through every  supplier The Magic Box has.
He's too busy not leaving to pay  attention to me. Besides, I ended up getting it on E-Bay.
Yeah. From this Desert Gnome in  Cairo. He drove a hard bargain, but  I finally got him to throw in a limited  edition Backstreet Boys lunch box for --
Are you sure?
Tomorrow.
Discovery Channel has monkeys. And our tape machine's sorta wonky--
You did.
And then you said 'Let's vote' and it was unanimous.
Should we maybe tell Giles? Now  that we're really ready? It's not  like he's going anywhere -- ever...
Zombies don't eat brains anyway.  Unless instructed to by their Zombie masters. Lotta people get that wrong.
Maybe you'd better stick to the  standard drill. You don't want her  to blow another gasket.
I just think the concept of "chi" is  a little tough for her to grasp. She's  not the descendant of a long line of  mystical warriors - she's the descendant  of a toaster oven.
(forced pleasant) Well, you're the boss. Still.
It must be something pretty intense.  The black market is all baby teeth  and spooky fluids.
Would you like to look at the money?  I find it calms me.
Well, it's your lucky day then. I have something to distract you.
We brought you lovely parting gifts. See?
And I'll take very good care of your money.
He'll still be all worried, just eight hours ahead.
Maybe we should have said something to him. What if it works?
Mine won't stay lit. It keeps going out.
Oh God... (candle lights) Got it!
Oh God. What's that noise?